# Address book: BlockfileNamingService (hosts.txt)
# Exported: Mon Jan 10 22:21:20 GMT 2022
# 00.i2p: zmzpltxslembpaupg3srh4bbhv5txgh5jmms6sfj4hzsvlv3xugq.b32.i2p
00.i2p=IjreUYXG-2~NgvI818-~m9ZKfOuS~Vs8RbBpkN38K5l8OZe1gJONuwEjMCT6z4wuvXs8bKPW6NC0r7BkRFkEzTAKfvrcpgBXuLjw20RNH~oy6gP1Paj8FhJ7GrN2xcE-TdT-nvhZ~3QZ5OUhctTMuHKByEfLZRsdoAuHkd3TJsmlIZkKKd7VsFzPpsRHc3dPI0QTDbtp-cJuijtv3PdkeIoBLywUYIQ8nb1pNq6sVUtaBfgVHOm1cs0yodhPaE0mP3vZNm8SnPkJ8UoCAc7Bkogyipo2iKYQ49twzrMPz~9o-ywb3XbLZRSjB2ciqVaFyyS0F5z~y5xRfxPlobNNmmvWAgyhBdGMrd2q13O~rA5VwH4Ybw0UwclZcTbBPg216I~OdhRy~fLbqXNrsgqexVSHl4ofonkGL5dDAE6G4K0qbOjXyJTGO8T6WXc-F0eMZiArHpmvDo02obqoauJ5dEyqbyBWn-eFYaNjpFrJEoLxL3qRo0s~f3DyzzSP7M0IBQAEAAcAAA==
# 04dco.i2p: pedvah6acrfdtzeqdwte7qdturhitecnhise2qofoiftximxrnqq.b32.i2p
04dco.i2p=SP3Xv1f4uP18Bnu~viC5Z0KwJSwJeZV0QHYPq0KQZrO5PfCLyJbapD0IaWjc89ON5eq~13bokNkrTFJh~-uhjNJqNBRj8XZxctYmcPNADIybbfVB-omFzBZrEORb2mZtFA6ed2dTUFR4Rwjc8~ERPEstlOECYVVE5snR5cgrmVdHhQ3nJIoVNZfLXiyUOfppJ5j2oAnt3MrIjubmVpQ-iWCoJmy1AwvyzmvNkv72nYn8IBU4JY~qVGsWv9uwwdgqqKjj1kbrZ1wK6Wp9-AMaq7k27nE5Y3S1RNnXxTj3HqZUUa-AORm~nPv-b8WNZvBWFLTvDXCtOHzXFP4Tci69NRNilc8puLTfthc0lrd2W45SYdNUrwixLC~KN2-yzW1Gk9vF~OiHx4TiLeA077IpszYyaEdZKjnJIadVqaP7fTlj75pp4z69Er2llcKMjQBNyRMz5rXrullv51LuEoTjb50DrNnqM7fo8cPour~fwuXWSmwIk5aHtCaCp7C2GYB7BQAEAAcAAA==
# 0gitnick.i2p: xpw6ynhbxxuqsr6spcnfiyvuhvimm3jg7uti2oqv3jlh76j532oa.b32.i2p
0gitnick.i2p=41uR8ovlGTphhyHdtUzvJ99pJfbF3UyZP2f-F30LorhMcB0NLPo~e2XNkj4aUREC99yfTesmnWYc~kGpp7QWqj12GHy24yAw7GMN8yyca717AIc5IywaLrAP1atYg~j-sk3LYAlNTjQ2S9H~K5WUWs70adB6EnOy5xqYwPLD-ScRIn4G7WEwd7hQslilJcbCC~TI3Zy65WhewEshPCxv47~V-4fOEpSQHaSzBspr-Qkfu1xUWdKc50n8wqT18Wr5qxq4WO110A-9SVgt0n71A9Xgp-O6ruNQQL8z3zrtRShvnEU~sSjBF8ShTCqkki2tAgOcaWMURTAo0U3mkrg89HPdQLUBbANyOnJHjvJF1i4nRzhW2exSMTcMzTNlIFt8mE5WctsrBqJ4tqjLmp7DABCKlxDNAt7wZFpJKlnZfzC1KErT6qYMAvIOs~DtZL1DJHa7txtEa9qFYEv-kFo336X~q1Bnsy18l564Wblt8oEyKmxgkyNe8~n~7NtDWKVJBQAEAAcAAA==
# 0pl.i2p: gd7qe2pu2jwqabz4zcf3wwablrzym7p6qswczoapkm5oa5ouuaua.b32.i2p
0pl.i2p=P5Ezn-oG2pNJYivCEUQiuPREWZoiCuZopQBsI26CTboQP~kidD2~-pL20NK5uBrOtt2fmy3beFVdjsLtUQeIihs58RpbVlX25VAbJmki94qXMKD0IpV-KCLF5qC4pQcfSQtqjmng3RMLL8tT2zAGxCjFu3QhWxucJDb8AoG2zDYTs3MP3Mqm~4iyHjK~TudZcJ6-XtIU-eSGi-ep0xEXvDGic8QIG836s2rsHDOpkpTqJzoXnV2qBuXlW8eDMvHxnXsvtLr4j6gMcd2xzqcN84qrbd~n0pDsrgxRXoE~D7cAMT97iCa67l5Mtg7sd246QfwcQpyyTd8adbJZhdgjykJ7YYa2Ik62cJPncfY9Yemoj7aeW1rh9qyB8Se8D9pCPej-z1ym~QOoSnJ6F8GFYL1CB0MqpXc4XnI2i0DHkd3gguAT3CCze-lDk~pAm~V6csRc6VO-OHTK5M9LdDwLLQJXqWcP0HybSQ~9F5B48BYf-IBsQei1hzigAOtkdeAPBQAEAAcAAA==
# 0x4rk0.i2p: 3dcteamlg33jhdd26k2fkgumrvcvtjuhelqj4viakjdrthtsro3q.b32.i2p
0x4rk0.i2p=3Am0Xw5C~1oQgK~ASR0YpO5uwVrMZmuwZRRsFUQKnz6MbX7x5q4RY3L5F~~OqMLN~SY-a-y5~~fBbCrPAGaOrSKN-plb5GL6T-TgofJfBcXeX0tzjxBWZuxkf9KoSfdcOCPzKZKivLBkQngym-d0cMuw2wXHJZUwHAp9-DeH8ng77DAKKaupXOjZhwiV~u6j38lKcGJ6f0sxGrSbzgHFOaNj3RdLYWgAx8u2EOCaLpwgqKHyKAMQDUkaikCw5fXbdQawniOgahMv1mwtePiTmJgWJ0913jnaPBY41sv1Bw~j1AlSVKTDOz45uUl2gwRrwgD8oBI5M~ucwXiwboQmaugAr8I~uZqP4fpJgnh4~PQCPwPsvR0n-7OzkiWZZjbRpYyDgcL3ce623YGE0CxwFa4tovQYJL3iIlXItMo-CAC22GfR0mpIsrhQ7eM3VD7G3xW04eHi5m3NHwuUVXg-xItK0aV87b28FLzSDqoetq-hlANKciOnDa9HAzUc~xyfBQAEAAcAAA==
# 0xff.i2p: apo53zid3xe7rewxjw7whdym2rmyowsj7jeoiwrl5zlmf7oqrxwq.b32.i2p
0xff.i2p=NGOVYEH0pYCAi-DhrSpwEnh8TiEKBQxz40UBqZGLmZUd6e793C2HglVgXJEsMP7Zx~PJVbeK~vRvmvqDB0VJhiDHedp1OeUSXb6kqr~XsuNR6CjNptCj3jQhtZ~MizMUK5JmZi1e0EoDEUBlVbUE4loDc5XbqBYSXVXAuoZcu5n3DGBHXyX9TYSwI5PnnFXQ~FrSaU-rLLM6-2wk-If-xr3156eXL4kyVqrMB6wg~AsNCX4qHirLShplMBjbEMY0ItUnrdA5M5qAzs0KFKVwSusvZGSnyBAEffoVgpMuB0qYNWqOkuBjKgdnKqK0lryOwM-UmiaYyc3UacahDkeV7qh48bKEBAQ~tor7JTrWBTEi6tceyQCYd160t9ShrQkeqfIzMpaMZyKxhqFFdp5RnXs-7b6ZwCV9Rz1wVq0HoMFlDJ3rodH0YEBaDBQ9Ls6~g-3nPkEzuan4-hvCKqFegW-JEEkXGFVuMmUs8UyirLW2JOTeV~ui-~KDAKIA8~gmBQAEAAcAAA==
# 0xpaste.i2p: oyfcxkrmrnaplu24aobv7s36hm3vyxszlbees4hl6kpk6izwa5da.b32.i2p
0xpaste.i2p=cuts1Vr39pmVwbc5oPUTS-E8DqiAQEG45jgali1VghNmNTWROXG1Gd1W9WTyl-rAS1sgxvzUV~lKRUZ2H9utWBUSkBPK94zFcov4ExY857TNRJpJc~7E7pZRoc7stfH1vHPahX78ob1AwXwhMTUIcoBrgw~75SavPxJT5qZFDoIWA9n2aKo-3vaHe30Tz~rSGBCEnWV3X2GuYhQP-~TPK4bThYMdm2v1Skkdo0frQDVPRO1N4zVNEMxVCJjVw20D-mdVGnVCqavUpJDz-IrrVB1OetgqFqDiFfm5bbcjS1k7FT6K-uQ3zpmaiCYeDdpaCgOcFMBlvnbqK0hL0ksFlbvEXKYBCik~nG~Pt0psCWFUmiD2K90adJrkh0PbiqGbZHoteFPdxiNc1WtCcFHIiq0eJi3NYqK8AzQdhzytxDBWH9DSWCpPLjoD6PwGkAaOQLVtdZUcbg~s0wv67baFRf2u0p5HNj~NPhtXTg2mLg9pwLSMbraj-E84Hem18tvrBQAEAAcAAA==
# 102chan-memorial.i2p: t6uwxydnfd7mo2knxklmnrudxafe4mw5ojiqikj7xfrc4ynltz3q.b32.i2p
102chan-memorial.i2p=dRcCPCQrqrIt3ADtdVvpQV1oX-d9vmt1mAb1vNf23Enn67mEb56LmrwRXjuMtKaIDdqxu1~O683AyDhqiaqXuo-7JWkc3ryaJPiW49t-dnmBzZYTZBRvXFLSOM8UnAwpWRdfwxep4bZF~ubntpwaOOUvsQzFSFHyrTjz1Z6YZQ-6sSJRJmZlxX02S2tAnjIYIw74UPOMQkMKCMMrce-6o8sE79VP4Wo5b5leuzELghfwPxh1lx-L~PQKRs5e~BKrePT4QQJXiliRmrwBv6-iOf69xNpbf6r3qJMN4HFrCbi0Uf9mkoY7gqY25YLK4ISMpdpVka35LwG09Nwxir4s9ng2V5VdxdyMFs~kFZkk8mOtguK6M4ub5G5QP-sUsbyD-oRe67jm0h0zPX~fPuYlxp2BLomP6p5WHsEVr469Y6sx6SOf9CvN~5iz4osK9yWOZ6-xp9fYy~HLp~dOxaRuPrP8WlmHbahFMr7iVRXHpwjIKC8E-T-VidYjtw8Xfqa1BQAEAAcAAA==
# 102chan.i2p: xxu3lso4h2rh6wmrxiou3ax7r7la7x6dhoepnku3jvrlwp35pefq.b32.i2p
102chan.i2p=T9G3MPk~8NefUgUD6GrMQr32CL3XUv8gM6ZGvM2X7X4zKpTe0GybAcpnzvehu3uxFEir7FRsVndJcxs5EovYCEm9RNtQ4LNDvWvYbX0ChQBzha2JDrBLkMH4E2bobB-5X~85F4DQ~986gKNj~DbI8CHbBdYtJgWPmQz~93MU092e2Aqu5X78Ui4CsjAYF8Pftq5BN4pFMmubjcSsCZDzP7HEwU~hgMU~ttT0ywmbPmmpDfhIvPEWjtBlIf2sK7ntal46O24qj0ZLxY1w8PdF~lRUmgA9hHFoR0GKizoBZ~yED78o0Mw~DyKWqJ-xKcJnVnxzZ~cJrKaxgSbONDesC1Np3N3o3pitygtkMp9~APF2qxADQOnwxLEbkoF0mFbNPPvbBamu7xWKO4KbnFBVBNZHeGHkWXw2PRbfxS42aoNDxsfEnDCaBCwakgSFYec7PErBUha8aXgoN2ihRBOFMDDIOa10~JcEtkYM0Wa0toFnIBOjVUGO-awVWyks0mmUBQAEAAEAAA==
# 2ch.i2p: suzp44odgixf5lthy5ngy6ktabus5gz47squie2shudi6kmlwuaq.b32.i2p
2ch.i2p=Es3yV~dBnUrkbL5vKKrtDtRfpBPu99~RiIB-v1HFZg389kCYRFKCWMZPhpsGgi4QT~eN60eXNYd7ZyEOckU897gK-saeX-D3-yX8lKJJkAd0Umv2hT2shxbX0kL~eBZ50EafgiQpx1wExelevekvNnZNculZ6xnZWHm0oz~PwKekT4jgu3g9Gx~mIgLxDt2fp3cscNfHjSB0JgvlI9IUAHLiWuj8ukGxL3dZ0qS8n~fU4q86e57V3UmxRQ8nabTlY4-CtkDMYMhn7k99mH1dsIVrHW7h5fHacUDM8pVVKDtWOz6MCM5Tgwd55eMp9WyzpNW3sRwbKs1HEYjH-UOv4f3~AZZ7koIXxHcf2DlNHsNQda-hDYqn1i6b6Ai6aIM9rriq0zuoVJr-iCeNEZy4lHEyuerkLWI0OEp3RGbv7UaaBg-iZAUBuG3sEAkac9aKGZnmwzGutlrinGgaX6xTnMYvPApFP4KwDL1hlORgAEKCmN3ZesMoFJGqh3hpbuPaBQAEAAcAAA==
# 2channel.i2p: wirxk4kulmd7v6qmttltnu5nx2vtchzvrg7ewocejrvdjcaiv5sq.b32.i2p
2channel.i2p=fKp6HsrPcyTPXleUQoyIqXpbPLpm9RcbPRSg96tFzwa4GfV23DDYmlVw4f~0aJYxrue5jpgcDFa-m1IAqF~Wtc0fZRuMhlgHE94bjpQ~Nta~9mfb8A9FVI353SjkWUzUo5jJvgBA3btjHNB~cAn7fQQFxIqLKwIZkY7iIaTw4sx5~Z4na829vLuib5T7ZuDJJ4wWuRmF0xvZ2TAADiHcIuSQg5ceHzWXIrvE1mpr2nq5cVPkRjtQDSp~1wZ2Y3Vo9b03pNxLLJak0W7nFvrTKoTGEVl7bFOUIVpXDen8KkcF7DF8FRIoNTaZZyQO0x6Q3Xu3gDW5O7FYP~3xDE-LQ-nINqsNBKb9h~I3DegYQwKpA07qNXYeepktJq8rFNyLqLckbz0rArp4ZkUPnQX2Z4H2ajot34vIDYMdg6sxKrB4ULvifHEoeXRh1htiZ9Sv-LlDH53AOgWUBM~a6bSBpkcbpSlCmvH9MWTn2FoPyqViSQTtTMqW7hJ-7EKa2A32BQAEAAcAAA==
# 333.i2p: ctvfe2fimcsdfxmzmd42brnbf7ceenwrbroyjx3wzah5eudjyyza.b32.i2p
333.i2p=eC6ovC5rLU46g6edyBkap9PuyQlzDHG~MmycABHXBl2R42u0fsuQD-5ZlyX0V3DKosECdgPy4IaxJkxBMlWhniGskGx3Ibzz~2pU29aC8thxAudGkB8OkOhq-2H2DRQj4VMwTy40vTDxtBSHAAMCQNBiP92mukQRXU57FrRqSbtbRbuc11-QL2lsFWdjUrqdUIacHMX~2v~0EecRzpgTgnm~knujuMM5aPwzhSVlccMCWqOEKE87pThaprsoE3NlmxJeBB8B5AG~ZDcXDemzYn76nAa0dRFnNqdnStG7QImtAVTpvU6IVpYhAb-8QNDkqD1RiLCwIcdcq~FyDXN7uMljyGFTkshgG0lSirXyOX0MLYpDGOA37kXxog1TWN3X3prkX6LlCdUa6r3o~9j3gygbNGiekib~-hpoIYwIcvJbrlbBSMQU9UE-dWmjxlhUIWKGSMrDOs-c9px0~NB9L-w2u7hjijcDWiBmpBdEeq3X112E~nhCMRv9r0mUaYzsBQAEAAcAAA==
# 3ch.i2p: hifnay66nepjmjdasvoooaz2fwygdroh6vtpd4zun7kehnqmy2kq.b32.i2p
3ch.i2p=lKIZYVerT2V8zOSZB437a7hdhEcFlwwi-rS1tJuGwX5MpR6uLVf~LmoyccxgSQgNiHCHwUw2aAALYLdH3kImdKaVD2KfV9vIltqRMSUgRuZU8tzaRygFfwZIjaEpQY~mqAg0OrX0RkxUh9F2AIbsjevk4b8q-4Hep3qRbqlSs8OHCwgPYT3DMJUMFP2l06zaUxQ0HUSMV9oAreXAuQHKL7vEVpjSTzmGoL1loUcedlYQ01ysdHZpOid0gOMxXcq7I4ObIe-0nCjohi65ZMP8KyC7LknUQGKZTurdiVBXqXNzhvYncSD4SLekAwhntM-WPEmysf9vEYrq5BnFCxdpMPxRHQ2zow5F3Ykj3DnewQWI51UtwWaW-ms9Jyjw8BNHD7SbyJh9AOmmQHcIjUKTe0fEkwUdHpFqQKKZmYbXVJY8paHTvgWZLBdidbPm5u4Gikqa5zinCo-ZGlx5r3Wx9yp5wyko3TbWznBMB7F03BsQb4w2ZnPJUoKkecXLIl9fBQAEAAcAAA==
# 7i3.i2p: y4gh4ocvlsxnyjgqbdlqb6eeff4a4e62wbzuewd3ralagyopzb4q.b32.i2p
7i3.i2p=CbEfF88qCAUCiRrp9j65jEfkJXSCnEOwPAFQacpgwqPY4ZiBKbUEzQaJOIeFfLqB3bB4oKOt~iPJ5whUWVoOZNLLaVZSoPD5Rh8i8q-kxJYlmHl~Ituo7OdnMUCwKkOgFgMvPflDr2xQvSLgcZvvehPs~ixUorjMsPJyrHOJ8g7Y7GWX9cVvlZA6FE9HFojYCCbn6qJApIoaMEXqzNagNpVhLzMWLAEupCsiAWmErBJG-34xHiF2jt7vz2Iw6d4wL0PuxEGov-3g7ltqrsaPAfy3bdFkpZy7oAsXt5RzvktslGHofNY0aLI5gT4sYdgRWax6SklJWGdfcCMdXYLURLK655Jo6JNCYB2FlMnIAw8ndkZBn2f6epwYTy6MFKnt34b64xhXfQyzA3~yM789I2C~GcBKDn1bB11gDqBuBP4uvs75J0Ja1iaW9KVcIPzd05gOOeaKb7T7DRLWqP~5sVJFQjz9pu7onMJbDfUTORDvRdT0y1jJqgkUGA5N4vGZBQAEAAcAAA==
# aaaaaaaalivetalkzzzzzzzz09allarxmetarootsznzarxpostmetasymbol.i2p: seqqbywuvscfpvi3pjdvi646hckwojenfqux76utwac2ltd766cq.b32.i2p
aaaaaaaalivetalkzzzzzzzz09allarxmetarootsznzarxpostmetasymbol.i2p=4l6haeps2xMsYMar0PcjLeIP~CGbZwY8T2lkIZwSnLrU7ieEtHpZIwZzgkFNTjLULdm5dwzjxqtgq~h0CTfZsAB~G6ew9F5EwwoPjvnuN792dB1-7Z9L3qPi0YaroiHONLx6Jp58PJwKh1Uyzbg5K26-Ts3oIuDJa-FjayDgvxWfsqurGkGQiANg~JrHhROS34kObuvpfZKBvp1zT0p0FDeaYd~m2kQY1DXyRGsAxn4AA2hNzFJmEv8XJ~H2BqeMdXWIAXt60GzqZOHSGqygsL3sMN~PT-K7QTtn~6kR9huq81NpHWKRyU7843P9QktQijBNUipZreDG-if1QJyFlrFWS1o63f-owEJvnVQyTGaWx4Lx0YNV9u4sifKlNBTvo7JopoZ4z2aD3o24tECxXswKYWmNi0wHurzW~7oEN80uT6vGIm~pyhgxgPrAPmBHBVYxrWvF0FHYwZSmVW9JWDQD1dwj1qd-OpAeMdsToS~vvjn9KrnL8P55bq60amFxBQAEAAcAAA==
# abdlandrubbernetwork.i2p: asnpognglrcx34l5vywatfkoaashziedfylun4w6cf5wue5gujca.b32.i2p
abdlandrubbernetwork.i2p=i0g6PNQb9FXUBlai6kGqHzYH1WGZL0TkMOdCtLTCEkQNX0R3SE7o5d9IuKY6oMOQ7LtlHkLdo5YEwmPKRy74rNW~xVJ6Mb7RkiJ3TEICoPyGtWLXt52gBEo5ak26LtMfGRUWmUsRzaoqL4B7A5829nUMSimIy6oSMEBnC0pjQZqAlT7O9cMntaA4TpidAwCJKOhCveZG4jtOtCRb5tdd8OCL1GQNJGKdpDDzmlBqP8Vg6nIZc8B7fDmxzJuEzrIDfAud164~w9d24SW1GsB7mMIet95eCOJGOeAoBVg57yKcryBguMVqtGEECuxbKOyge4av1VDlaTAzSn-aX10elwRDlUGkjekdUWjb75PotI3A6hJAjVjBtqM0~PI1OHR-KUzTyQUnWcBUtF3t-1PyOhpzv9wByoSDyfUdsDSx52W3VT6uVuOljkbzrQswdWCeN7TywGZWUOv9K-hYF-fMD876gMHjbfjeHqBShgvPQAIVrFNvTXh5uB8CSLzbqBBDBQAEAAcAAA==
# acetone.i2p: tzwfy3dnqtm4wuofmcp3gcb5qjcytri635ei7kw7yrl6n3ul5n2a.b32.i2p
acetone.i2p=~YbM~J~889ycOTggOgpL1oWqLBc5ZEyhWXNNGJDF1UaaH28YaKiogHOyKU3IPwCslD9UdVefKJA6MVtFXO1UHvYUOY641Z3S-RdZkf6ctt5OGnAKH4iyo48KklOT6e4aQT9IZ0P5rR-rd4o3WTFlHHL-YDh3uV6Nw9Hqkj6SJALonejaqLSkKk5CqncFPuidNc~S8q4RlHIwRkJs71rVy2nu~0mBIJLoY8L058s3uNLoPfwOIi3K3ZYp5-RqSZgMcGlpeLM1vwT-BTlYiypMY9CFRT8o9YLKc25anlPsS6V9lLU2Ct94oXC2vhz2ETaijGA93jOm8XNbHNqhrhVrrSmOCKjctFh8GXSL7oVlJ7xk2f9CLD7yflbfCuLOIWNUYKvSxr2o8ORLSro5mr9o~nrgNDKb7EfPfLI-EaZAJrimZxABdqHMkDmqBMK~h9AiqEGQc7ROMQ3VjwOBW1bZObR59l56RoZ6De-9A1VmGU0B-0JFogNPVm5yOZpQclMkBQAEAAcAAA==
# aeonchan.i2p: n2bf4tuwqyig5fihz56v4x4ryeapmhdpxfjm7o7ufqwor5cvizna.b32.i2p
aeonchan.i2p=r-ge-rn4vEcmfJ0EFkCfwZJkEOYxp76U3mTnnO~Q2IYAQqORMjJYjVvTcgFsz2YiS7O7HK-frc45UbJ-hjO3zQAUS9N5nH-cnplFZRs~OiM7t9ITL5JCixuzgU7riuOmJAQD~NKV8hsB0PNHLROPFQVNk68U9dFRIKOfMI14514p~TSMImcrW28hcoPgJPcmCY81cFogz2q53jccJXAyYHcv~nDohHBBXOKe2SLmTxd2FYM0fRvSgSVt9FHcszLDA5wEsjFIlw7n8kc0MxrI8XrfH4XM4s8L08ZBCD8WwBS0xel7xVOvSHT7RmoIEdTEf1FE0lmE20L2pQzuJz1SScybEj9jU5xBVEkFZwPJXEkMERFon31vFbQwiUxFoLN5au5dlYNJVYRKRJZ5~3ZkhRJrp028tbHnBNQj2MBD-~pPKPQL9WbcG8JsZCLnJiuxAU~VDU~92XEnJ88KT5hTLcDSomXIMFZHP3pn0eq3rOqEIQ29pxqnc7AdzJyi7GpLBQAEAAcAAA==
# afk.i2p: chrbzqjzaxvtdonbv3mahn3mr5sstzrv3vd7cupfovp4wmkkko4q.b32.i2p
afk.i2p=nMpEgtw5yix6crVcyB-Phm1O72fRuToH0m3pSE5h3sbL0GNqvseyNNc8fldKlODeVaNaf6Fa4EhUvCjFjaTG43wPMqQ6gLrIpkjcgaNQlDxNQbwI3v0RcBV2eUn5PPCska6T~gUm9ZwL7YPZUJh3DPDbfbLAg~1m-fA3SFx4C9zxOL1aUHchEv6j4CL4KiUTRk51RT1VVXaFjy926mgXVmr~9AxD3743qEHwfM2Rc~QLWT0ytK1As1U384922p68Pdp60kbQ9oCn2zMGjhWJRJrDsWpVve~96z4dRvYfAEsE0dMjzS5OWAFvvoBO1ZjPeUa7XGEdn9G~Y6qWGsyd97F4opgSU7hMxyhLT5XGV8VNHOTDU71BmLGqy6FcYH-KpAwSVbJwPFstQvLHy0RdUMSz6rvKHBEz~4ygQahZCwrjetNPQ9MCwdW1kw99d~Pkx78~QvNVo85kFeH7X3PblJRq4gfg5S~cX3gKdJnp-iBHLQZk4h11U29KuDmCAVcdBQAEAAcAAA==
# agentoocat.i2p: voanmdeayaccgaxumtehvxxiv4sdscsixoxsqmhh7nfwhusrvfaa.b32.i2p
agentoocat.i2p=B5kx3Q1-B3Wu1ybGewo457C5YC6kVGxFqgSm80GKwahHZEpTPEBkCMcBvOW8KaKEn3-rdmh1yZm5bdMRCmC9l~PMiDONawuZgjznlfCUFpyiTNvQ7E3tnH6UkBhLd8HNWtDlZ1R7GowpejgCjuhwKLbtVxDtSZtb1oeWa-tuBEqpHkBpFLdU4lBVZQN~bwXe9sGd1oEVye-bRAJ4hprQSOW-N6t2Tg5csrSOCRmPXt~gKh~KlW4h4Zm9SqzvKQIR3JDSYxfqgjeMZcqM9kCSGJ6PtRLwq2eWTFMqhHOcf-md9avdc2lIEnFpgxOY0C9790qkvOdj4WFu-2o5rugc7nRSYEUdreaYjDgaI2idNi9sIzsb6MfCtHlC4ip~e0gZ2RU4-AwwFMT4aafT~dWFjUyvLdLWVFXLPU6RGq5J9OvceKuxrNvax534NrwFptEaEJcl8NyfNcZvXqYKxU7IuNFUwI5a9shHPk~qfyb4FEZ5N~EzmldbSwK4FbLWdA6kBQAEAAcAAA==
# agoradesk.i2p: ztqnvu7c35jyoqmfjyymqggjpyky6z3tlgewk2qgbgcmcyl4ecta.b32.i2p
agoradesk.i2p=vJSDB3eZLhE6lxYYLYAavLxPC8H97KKeCCrBTZ-M6hcXxpc8XMfj3IWcERdqLO734vxKhuqz9IaNusRS-60yR7PmWW1v~aSAoGqTPCpgd48~cRiH7llycOXInccNtWfLf3XAqInUbstA75~h-zYwaDrs3udAA7oXsv7RazlCea7Um5QvAxnabiLRW39SdrDyKm7cstNsod3tJUQeJuys~m8B9QcZm3AaJPyB0fh2coXPDYbgGH56ajWFzbu-YiV-vLnvJ9tayzqyW2MA~s4SQMJ9YhYQJA1Se5u5Pzz-byFx6mhOo~nq21pxoMX7Kj44hNdN5ycIF1SGOKbaqzLaHYLnHXuUIG1N1bvDpL4BuWXsa4-Z9sEKK5m50eqXuyqIjLJ6O9DbECM1KF6-IEbxHJGohx9w3NXTYIIn49YeOPEXYYLq8t~4g6dEPtb7TDffLGRTt7W8S7OZTn1KmYhK3YC6ylj6sa4yUOpnoxvcqv70iewNIVK3ghkspQePpE5cBQAEAAEAAA==
# albatcats.i2p: ilgg7nbtofvgzrpl6kenxugfdsgi3apu6sgilmqi5rhpolnauyga.b32.i2p
albatcats.i2p=z2Q7zQK5Vfeadkbkf0Gbr8GlZisGYVWBa8JGRYs4WgvLdA51PQcyMCmNtocwpVwFdU4JQ3-1BY8Uf1ZtqxN3Jsryw78QivYz~8QZMHMvFks46E8Jc1aKMsvJTLAd-9KrtIlyHncMVrNGUNbajGy~rbsWCXGFd8imNIwnbN479XP-hh-9kXfTnYEq4OmKai5C0vQZcv4Lk-fzqQgzBjAa4KNc9l9uqzfhAG5K1BAn58v0gc098OK~s4QNdSGLxdtExyNszzTcPNwxkJbhlbTlqu1MQSuRzXFklVD-H4BM~rorcGL36HqiXilh1Y5nMNltOt6N0m8EI6CeLsHadNgltSvtBg4PTZAzUGvly-r7xzKIYV2UzZd7gHjxUHrE05vhY3bFQ65fAhFHnQyayW9mqRpuVfKsL7m6k~fSgUztT1FKpZlDfr6Cq-Sq3SgM21ldodkT-oeKAzYArYK-sx2TSd7Kehe4ABl96t0AS48nJ03brBt9eyH59uXfTVLIrn36BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=ZqupTH16x7TS~b1JpBmXUAamcpR-c9xd0EfIOk-4LeyEkoQjNfgI0OtVtE7nWdtpuEOXoP4F4riG4F7QlKkRBQ==#date=1590086448
# algorithm.i2p: algout6clo74ywqtjyemehnf4bzhegpju5yvi6zdcfszso7iirka.b32.i2p
algorithm.i2p=twetXJSuY8RC3BfU~nbtWtQ~KtG~eJVsIRGf5BwD1q0FKP1-g2n~PkehoY1jUP0c3MFHP0B1goJxdwsTnklTQYB3Iux-cpn7~TKdMSFuw1pbQwnMkwx6wvLgnEjyY73hMqoroDfSWqdhwgQ1Hfv~x8vN99tKfmlerZv0qvypJtMJShL9f4vb0MomzwLvNE9SELsDrlJoPJN3hZYnJ7LYuzgVYEWmWWNKk5CVzVefyARX0X67jJ14BrfIe2shwrItUhiJAZoZtk-iJ8jYldxJP1ABj2D~Oyb88IP0sWEKkR09q8h6soo1f2MzZhmeKCDHqBVylQ5lGftVB83o0GeFVfpfantlz5XyaaQjm1FaNWtkItHck2M1s3D8J32530twtnGDUgRhozhfhqb4vsamZ4ArUS-M8gOgxRlIe5RnyGxf0xRvgW2ed~UMJ9uLg2RDOIGT8tVeQ~U2hMMRCU~sx0F7byxLokPFjGR2Lx3RJMhWfYbqUZ~Ic-x3GgBBUi9YBQAEAAcAAA==
# alphabay.i2p: tnaefzkcnhryeusi7hdpqujqiqmnbtah3dmjcg3gvezohunjuxbq.b32.i2p
alphabay.i2p=4BUShaEDTVCiVt-QMtT~OOVojzNDPQjNBuLIZxLTxwANPEAxIANzRF0L2v-UprLYliJvJx3Rmxn4dt-icDz2ANK2kghKefiOawTj1lFh8x-hCpMN79ksTSptTUtMrN-VwszFrGQPxf6uOB39PGIh~KBIQR0TLVVYQVAJF79Yp1ZbnpJitjunXSra~92KVDYHs9JG7pN-p16Y8qLbrg-pMVeAiG-bTrnCBd9fYoSAhQ8aLVEHsDnLab73uTIOcQjOfVcCpEaYF9rPA7CkIya4GMM-8HXY7fOsV7TDdPwStLSU06X25AmwYfTe6seIww~XEd~dmh7Y6~qhSfXeLNg~-rhCnnsTwBl-14MfRYy7elSfeD7tY-XBUEK9desyKuEekbZIdDMpfPTG6EP-830q2DQ2GIh1cszxae40MzjkoD-~2bkcZf0TsXI75NDH4-4S8JsGsJmNcksTs7J85FG0thn6P1qefw~7pQS3UHoJUm~fH6CpND4EnvXIrsk3r-LrBQAEAAcAAA==
# amogus.i2p: udcjqqoo7mc54ephxnhzaxdwtqxsgxjzvh4wr4boope6vyr4mrhq.b32.i2p
amogus.i2p=MwSDo4BgUTF1zFGfH5iusq5iHm~0m-kgKeCcCP3isWnTB8R60Mvr80WkbXLMS2zkzSkvXyqnIBBeDCzf3tz1QCxkZEV07EXectlFxQ4J51vskdLbMxdSbOPZ4ecnInA1fjAscqrI0EASl-MeIEKnnLqdUmTZzC9aduO~~vcWHrwiLkL0Qq83exQweuUz6dFY-BgZTZVAgmFSLRG~18wlo59xP-p1uRF52kS4ymhNEEElzXrB1GnUWfse8Ecn3gwUBwqvN~DCH83ZGh5gfQEX-njsb2q~tGb4iNPdXSHJfbbg-Ei-HttN1Z7g5RyIGVChEMdlQxuiBD6JMR7oa-YwdJFy6QJajt9CeUbKzVKKSsnBwcMOHdS2XB7HPlIsnlWU3VYWmnuorXYqfaTNuqyD5O9ZI5VsD0NN8sy5x5XIL5Fz5rsvfAyA6zjz6NILJNdxqT3m~E2OZXGWycDX-fRl2SIWddC1YtqW4TFfG2sP0KOVAGCTLJdT0W3muw7H6TrYBQAEAAcAAA==
# ana.i2p: pjdwoa34ofkxse5zlsjqj4hkcwrud55skxninbcz3bimud5rr5ta.b32.i2p
ana.i2p=9OGjUxa2G7dHHp2xegRKU88f9RK6T1gE1-vFjdD4NDm8x7fJuGQprYCUQVrEnB-vdmpZ-m3bBr~~kCWKXHnaZkW1YQRUUw9HgXG1dpXdCnn5MvAjhg1SdT45EDKcR79Ju3FMlXvYh2Afq0RuCxHjWvMchi0ENCU7TH3ec3FkLwpMbUBswOLLFjotGN6AeFWjACOxCjsWMNyQGlByY-UfoKH69u2eh8k1-j3zFGNVDdiUpxDX3KWgDDcuPf1ovENYA1i9~oH92G5ix0k4UTTOFGoGb1bMFyTDO6qO97zQvaOFYZRTHkSi35awY~h8q1aMeI4GtWjmc1xTmbPk7T6DDfa6i4-HcqRce7fsKVjjyoJ1adnz6Nxy1QbY0eU538wRP4H1CFyg2KQ1UGkdlbd7R~Xpioxi550vlpLfbURuB-rJocK2ZpH2VTAlNXKxfa1o9gvxzRauXq4cxlat~kBCbSCAGBkh9WK7VPscoyGW50GO3gv2pyEhAK8xf9CFxA1MBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=GJ42sVw77egBXMS1W1OmTSLICVHQIaPhE6wlEsFpvzGDXcKZoZDddgDuf6qCXAMX1HNdxAl7ep-XjzUsUmnbAQ==#date=1626728750
# ancs.i2p: oqxuzyirhzmhnkdqyxl3y2ejgtndhh53rybzrzk7uhneahxcbxwq.b32.i2p
ancs.i2p=~lYJVni~pG3WlF0vlQjmV-vJ-uG7Xu92AURGdH1JY7QB03zHKAhd~jYe7eG8vUovMGIXpRV5gzBIsbpgXvUkOpxxQOkl31abUl7i9zj8dKvEKA1WxDg~AD8JGh91IsgFXwKLFYl5vCp-i7SnlsGdleyIDdARHudfUbdHFFY8GhC6C0tDRCCrl6Wgwl3kpf38k2vSq7gs9ArAKbWBwn8v-YNKI6nApdT6jtVc3YfyczdL5W8mpYo2n80pAvJEFFBxNxGQMLMfM63Tb6GiLptdSh~oYUrYvizMmbYT7Z8DUK6wlkAzGTrFVAuaYARrkR4Iq1we6fTDqYDdCd-YHy~I1zc3354oGbdsHE0ZSIBsokFSiQnQXH0gVcViBxsUmshX-KO1F7DUoV4qE6bQ2KYF8ZZA79wO28JDIl9Q1VfsdMLHlvpPQZtIV7ueBgfnJTC2qTJ~oIkZjUZ2Qs0rYaDq-JNtf4NgIqoRj-3IHk2LW3awqIwTwyWW-k1eetd8lu5kBQAEAAcAAA==
# anonarchiveneo.i2p: pc22iolhf5mcxhroo5tyaowd2p3vmccqyqgbtfetufuahojytf3q.b32.i2p
anonarchiveneo.i2p=Ndzfbuig4oIBQAmL9WiLRYCswtUD0ayceRu2z9QpX10UrujQOUW5Y1rBWqf86qq8TXBrt0N~n0Z2L9FvAmqZE42Np6MT3MlgKZ8XUnRxtKTah4MNZ0gMu612ia7Fszc7YuRsOFVpv0AL1wfZZMSMPjHc-bLK9X4ExDo-Bd973W6IMSz-4JHGgXm~87rPjVkLOELbO7qgfCtsdoBUGWQgFkcc8zF90EncZ185ecyi622PhRJ1n3ObYyCtoYAlW9-GvzY8njckSeGR4pkyi8QScnHFvrGG8~F4WWenm4nLuCAzDq2f-RPGf390WQZ4YhDYApzASklDDPgZ9lArhVLaiNwk57A~AfAhvj3YEgKRuOi8XHKHRZ5LLxuf4yQJYrkf8NqlZ5EvxM8l37ewf3DGLJLbwDrWRO8OJ83rW64xhFaH~xhpnXOzjoSM9iW1PlMaU--D5InUQfzQ57VQ~C~ihLlCElETYpYpu2B4qs8gvd7o56IB4fRcmFFuMuDU9iLSBQAEAAcAAA==
# anoncoin.i2p: nmi3loretkk4zbili32t2e5wyznwoxcsgzmd2z4ll3msgndyqpfa.b32.i2p
anoncoin.i2p=vA4OWvaW6ChyRACDUSq0SiWBB88SBd-3sBAPphzAsUGfQeZMvcmCLM1KuZ9kRLPZnzA1hsgICXecZ31hn~sk3Sfc7iHuQbskApab7oMXTi6oEqHDRQHG8fGkzIJsUoeG39UqfJb1ZDVzOfIpwttcxJERxL8~vzgexrKR2SEVwkxcuds~t91eOTJpVVlVAnfl-4l9IvBdTppgGZa9Dt15XAuPVLWN5oHjevPTVu1P9cKuY-Gn0Uw3zOWTwkDw5aTgPBO2pDacvd4mL8rBEB3Qq9aJWFNIkOgS~qA~eskEH-9GdT3dLIKkyULXGBnlnUdkTpQrlYn-aDsA0rmw1tL1m3uZDaMa1DUk6ZhZ~DAz~S7ApgiD4VizSSVAcox3x1w8TFcs8HC4soZ0u-HK-hnmBuMiLymaMLyOQm2mbAHkG4CpRgLbhliMVDTF9zReAxjZDqoN4LpunsUcE3bHlOtbIPO~P5J2C4ZWN~q0yUJVVIBs~f0k7d60sajZ2~a-H1fTAAAA
# anongw.i2p: owrnciwubb3f3dctvlmnaknb6tjdxtlzvv7klocb45mmhievdjhq.b32.i2p
anongw.i2p=8NNa3tOjfDmokcuf6Qg1-X0B86JtM5a6dI12SpNFmE7NReO7jq9KkJf-uRQHiYB3CCcGjebB2qNv8qsR4jrxByXENXy1eM4-wGOxXh-sQPYHzrgDUioWugO~KoLzb4NfK9l8mODiOJgvtgTZKUxmPGBQoZ6qOgpwqP7ru07tGSFWKI~60Yh106RxfQfdG5~1tCr3C3aaWiYdq4vY6oZpjc~-X6DH~fV4It~bqK6dWFfC-Tgggj-bzFJqm1OWCoy51qxlaxZcQMLVj0d6gSkN6rH5wkI1SQt0fZ4JfD~koVV0j9X0C9udruowUTWIewLVq0wvjXS1KlckjfwhCAQaNGObHpd3ZQIbKV6OxLXzw43FnMJtCOAvaH2hD68PEDVNRQ7Ba0BZ1XdeRQOiO4-MWIDWi8JdFLrzp8TQv96-2PZeH1kk~wK-BSIkChIqfM3iQymo6tRWlXn7pABYNbzangaMuScQwEZV1uCiNLVq0ZHRyeoj3PBwbuWKapzv0uJmAAAA
# anonroms.i2p: w2sgx2i5n4uxtqjgekckxnhhpymigpn5lmgdaujyzib6sxq7j4cq.b32.i2p
anonroms.i2p=NWDB7TSQnVSu5hcjvZ0i4Ua90QVD-z3Qb4-OpQoeohjdRVnEHn~b957Q6vux0x0~F6hGji9uPXCdp3mKYfTWK3j3XnETkUYLaPY9RYn1Fh~9GpyWN73Jyg8bh8-wKjo1ZN0rOnyOEfyCIGtx7DKQxZkiqvvTnKWuB6HU1DOZPI69AzxbTO-GgMzQaBzdgopuIA4dmS1XVbt2I8X~k0~9KrJipuij07Eb5YVt-ycceIvdmmj1-WGzBvNH9jbl3kuDUTGMQaLkGsn-HnUDf01N72SPNDBeocKN1PZuZ3ytMTgRgUjSyA872AVJAdKzkXqectOay3U45zS1f2UWkd~1~v8HdcayTQoGFLnygKVYIQsXJfjBVfaXvQjUUUbsn2Kzq1jOaZbHvKaI8ouPt--7qHJrGuiPm0zcjg9oQKhP8RRtiFEJ2kPp1FutJI~tXwKLh5NbxkcWlgcTjo8zfzY5FPG4LHq7k-eowkBfif00Hxk6NVvuiPCjY1zMqBNp-tksBQAEAAcAAA==
# anonyradio.i2p: cbobsax3rhoyjbk7ii2nd2fnl5bxh3x7bbearokyxgvmudn7o5bq.b32.i2p
anonyradio.i2p=r5zxr2yf2I2i2J6ksKcnmB0CNVtx538cLIWkbj9hA5nA~RsbyIQ7PpwKcMNWNfg8XDrZ6HNEi~FbANCvweNnFeEPzhQVqg3wBO2Ac9F3ruSN3nMBUV1yp6UmpAWaoypzdtnKtNWJijfvY1IO3mLDuEEa4IX5oXVTLjOnysFQPeQgZArUA~fRRCkq1AlT3eQSM-zfy35Rrp11ythGderXc5qAHYpoBBF6AgDMo~4jCpPkTPFbVVrgGOWv4oBNKhU6H42hzB5fhxZcgRL4ASRI35urEcRu63SlyAmzk1MJO7GPfqt0JSxYvl73BEOUyI~jqLFC4V1YyeSzBVFfHhkvMBk4lKgqC9EG6OAjHp8s7s3diDjGmkx2EaE3DwAASCfMfadbkflYVCowf2btqYWoovI5it0Kf09EoSJBxS5Iv5b4CS4BexznSzCLkHCFc7HuOcmX5n7dNYAxRYuK9O5J6of3kvhjW-TSY56AkAasQkMKL6AibkZsjwJ5E3qIz6RXAAAA
# antertdweb.i2p: qq6vmxgfeg6qr7ftsx3gwrfsjtm2vnocgmcytajjuv3uabsupjeq.b32.i2p
antertdweb.i2p=k-Kh-24tYSOsruDRAytGag9b7pkdpw8CynN6BNhEvFt1QFol2zfnR5kyWu4q-rNw-B6xLw5Q~2mXAFV3assceM~fQgjF8OuW15CXjiMBhLwi-bVKeaF4XJU~D~rAN~TWClKJ3BF6J486ornIvxEZ~nHLwD-1uO7MdUFAj1nFkUditPxcN4M~UPoQOC4Zw3fl5W-SclzWx1WKJxTqhF0YBAYR5z4ekjKPzqEZDpdY-xUcnoUSW4ev21vp~VBiGP~gILmZGbvKi1aDEy2JDfQxRoSax3pCjn0mQFbqbNWDy0w5atULiU0KNiIlW8NW2-vtdNlB1hsk3TFji~fKOx-RGfoIlQoUIGCBfb~sBq2cOck30i6PJ1~gIaykD6AeJml-TpE~o5OAJqxwFwpHA0aPlH9ur3Nn6mPLyuYsxPvP2-FgrYgVhGtxWOofnlUM937E9AwFhhy3-3cv3kXIPH~oe4BOOA1gDbXVxZYAXb-P-cmcTsN22VmNG2zqJA-Y0N1lBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=MRjQVJrRV97RmVVHbDeXo1W7owXQtNPvbubfCEiyG1QlKBzugdDzHaDyi06KPk5JoJ9HWnQ6xlhi5nK7LArqAw==#date=1634868033
# apophis.i2p: aybax36xssplylkueyy3szi3n2spd7mgxcmzbawapg3vxznwlkda.b32.i2p
apophis.i2p=-o9XnZJBPXrE8Ph7h7tv3TIZBelSF3qLNJopm8upIWJhyGM5AeFy7rAv79ht4FfwA8Ve2OYXIKWXdgywzIXN0ijIoIWycUMb2iAMOmLeVsGDpKZeKlEK3HiYjf0znItlyVYWzBUWu4s89gP93U3TL-rovfucVHp4E2YD5RYn8vd3TqF8lTU7eqh-tJvqQ6VD85R9b7YMZgnHNZHjtvvUfNWQffBKFeUaVrWESv02v4lkfNkDqASYsuZuIlI1pZ254f9qPRmxxaAiibRvIUuRAaygdMtTS~SGV4fN-lN~4svk~tQqfuzlIbYCsIHHFEqkiGgS0hmUynLQtjEyrIBoPLMpgls-vsmGPQ3pp36NoHDLh4HHMQeJeFujC0yBnkTKKasBGPMniWsGI0gKRNVJUxO9C9ZxA7aBJfMv1P7dXpVmaXhqQ16fvajYzOdYrX3U79uGEOv6iLBHtlsA5hPV3qYomLV9ooZ0Tl96eHgj65sczUeCJS7OyQDQKuWw-Y3vBQAEAAcAAA==
# apt.idk.i2p: s7qemnncvmy5zs3khd6qzlcnsvtu6drnkeae4r3yyc7akuzuqiia.b32.i2p
apt.idk.i2p=ljzzfvS-vwi2xkbch0DWE5Vk4j4poRxJ9hIvOmsOvSrqulhvqHqfgPgbl7cH-514ukEnC6HAYXnHkMDkB-SoKPkYkgPJaJIn2BHeAQFArMBs9pI2kUM96vnHE8mx1v4N2AID1u09PFa9bzN7omMfXEyRvpJNyeeqei7Sp2luQdcVmpbGzE8b8GEZSbhqMMizNcIWMiV4QrzHn68Kx4JWQ7cWhZDeYoZpo7y-oi~hXcoS02ywhmz2efkR-aY0ZZReXV70yQcemHeMzMTMXYF5NqPUYshlojwRpVyZBc-ppE6716rT-8O8E-TFK9h3K~rTpR4mS3wBeqGK1H6mPMf1XNEZiphbkmgyHdEXj805INtHYaTucXDY0jwWH9sN0XPijtrpJOzUaactp5pUjOh5PMaukHgEebNkGgfUCCA5qhAojN5ERaS3pN4PTxvULyMGgZp08GK8qUp-0MwzcyQj0TOUnizsIqzYTiIyLf0pfvjlpFVwFGV6ElHD-wzihZ00BQAEAAcAAA==
# aqua.i2p: xqwrqfuoae43grkmzs63sw5upathbjerid3ch4bhskle3bibeqba.b32.i2p
aqua.i2p=4mqI-c4Ifar~8ALHxCvVGCFg1FREntU9VMHTPAorVB41De90XbYHrtYFr2p4MrDGHiDzIvbQjMfzosw5LIPSw8R7JRbTlBQtZ4KyFiYjLF~RTBPeWqWpGHDFoXPI~pnxGSYW8KIZyqVVC-4o7CxFZCdMHyfYEqr7DclxRec8upQHGhEyqhcyRG4zlBbjs99oFbCgKSOK2H6Hk5Ht9NWH1aKzPuyXy~17SPZx5mn5NhpEc5dojsVBv-C83uM9S-NW-qwN1Tz8qNZ5DIb01RhUIWJqccGIskaFy4myfUmXiKpWPa41Eg5Or80ssTo0gbsnO6u3TrInfEwuLZcgPN5wg7T5tGkKzxOrbgwqx9Edh~UN~zpeHofbKuB5LLqLcRYHBrzqNw8zvN-WUTTUF4Cu~oSyk6AIKyuHp9ocG4FTWt~OP2RYw7rnETKCcvt3sidSKRTM3FwGGHv5B24dJVIvvis9mjQdsN1DrbU9i960jc0Z0JOEnycgK~GcyEIx6AT0BQAEAAcAAA==
# arav.i2p: t42fkp6zp5dfqywantq3zp427ig3q2onrmfv246tyaztpg4ckb5a.b32.i2p
arav.i2p=5Kl-DiWbbk6wf7m0v6zBSNHYq3sXlnrWLIWVeGdpPbPyc9CBS~zrzDYpP43rv1fRiIkbVCD5hTEpY6joQGlk-dFkWWD6201qa6ecsDVQMaE3Q7UTYICd0VEBRoqDUSrvsM-P2y5oG4Z-77RmoGKpbcRgNuMVbQ7AGJNqVSGej-lSyscDWTIZT5dCT505lfRwprdD~emZqkwnn22X16Wpj-X4A4ifph4idrThGioz4UW6PrCpa-oebMCo217s0Zyl9VKaU-o9cx5eFUEwnshoUjqwh7VE-S45NDz854J08xldCATM3wwTRVXhc2NUypsJLKFKiV0z3EXN-ApCdxsV60C-eiXUTX5vYcHHH~imA79v8WKFybjnsyUBst5BBEPQIUifTceLUrTmQ9TUpaMV90EsD5SCshmCfOs8R5y2dK6EfQu8iyYAB5VFSH4M1CLiBZUsDTEFiOomn2JGMDnbPho8lMB8ss4SMuwZShb2LlGqLxJ38kRHlvC68VmJO7InBQAEAAcAAA==
# archaicbinarybbs.i2p: t7o2tw36cffedgfr6kahewpkrntofnliuapji2e4rucl3os55epa.b32.i2p
archaicbinarybbs.i2p=WwdQSx6pbMOxHJ0IyIptBXFfbzuhxSNiZIR7LiF4v-UlC38bHxn3rWJcHoqw1ogS6rmebOw92~9dtxNOvq7q7tksUy3r1T0L4C3N-o1L15Qv6xDsvt8Y1BUnUXUkIi3gy0u8NZGwhnPGcVUju6pvjdVxqi0MuqRArDNIeabfEI3MkdSHApLerTMrdeYVg-~tMNLt-t2ia9N8TmSLLkKw6ZUuoJEudge2cG5~GQsJYqBOywTDGjRFyBc~4w08JmpCHpZA8OMF1KcGjGyxSBmFP2UOIMpMV9ixBMSaVjyP5Mbh-NOcdmatz6lRyYVWJXdTjAWhQiDJh27H6uDZgFgt8PiFDoMyefkMy851aWE0Lgy05siDlQ9X5N2MR5fBcCKvtGFVBoUfZo~2dV7R37msQclGb0A5g9xxtGG1DIjJC45GZ2ZkXph7lSL-h1u1wiL4goNsHIDZIt7uvfIGPXj-bPNLf02Q1Un51g3lXZwudUCutr82Oo7CmiHD~tSIngSIBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=n9XTOgLkINPxb~raiOESPjtnRvolEckdgK9qyK2jF8NnguJDPflekL8D3Pv7K9j6slsbfBT-rjGP6FV0zujLAQ==#date=1519839763
# archiv.tutorials.i2p: lldr2miowq6353fxy44pnxfk37d6yn2f6kaivzecbmvvnnf5exyq.b32.i2p
archiv.tutorials.i2p=ICPOw~QMoYAiccD2K1uvAOy8sRZD2POMR~7mQ-pLYDOwNBY2FDxa1t6Jzc7~qXi~OjH8GOoZv98qEYkVg0r6nzNxgE9V-r940IXF1Wy-GFYCPj1QxpzkkScSPI~RdcYWaxmqf5HMM09uUkDcPuVFktHh0G5nHjQFPwMiGuRlS6Gzuq4Vp28NHZqzx5Z7-~lDRbjzgNwtKL7YCNeECMyVHXIK1YFPVBI2lp4SfoGBAU4tawNnItEGhvBvJD1PUf7DDjT-ykno5G942WsB4Y58LMwWzFoY8p5EysC8mslqr1QIYXc6hW3YbNgNXrB4HQ-TBRidfJVUmHvbfF3BU6mbCSQbyhFdlAc1PZNyy5HaH76dLoKbdHhhWkoLBCzLrY4LYS6wcMC2jqjwYM0y1Kk4qOL-P9ztfpIRNx5LTUkg7wfpEbpvttS5vkpNIPrrBDEZB18z6Vu4aCzGGik-x4h4t~u5NMEk56zL6pDsIrkNb1FmXLM7s2W7J2Ii8TFiyV1DAAAA
# archlinux.i2p: 5ms4k3cn5dx53b46hqgwogigsjhtinuf4g6fdr6pplkldi5vjcxa.b32.i2p
archlinux.i2p=8TC6ZX-SkPv5YD-xlpzfAM8NHlIpgSAPIwJcNK-0Mi5poCI~Vf5SEeAQv~dATACujl-m5hTek6UexelqtgsvYidqK9fH636mKsRW7JnQ~1Iefn0h3Seb7WT4DmM1DkvNsuctU7zha4WaixN7dUFMTST0xZKcvRUI-xiakIc-GyhRdW3fIUO9THxGxGBJmy~loZQfGkfoTQt-7BJ6qgFY9jpdyoo4jS4vpejCpv9huTNaFqGXTLmfh7CmNOex7OvfYscItQ0Ak~bTG5aLopKh4ppPtFRQPJEOnTZ-bj--h4Nvi29ObGUYoNuLWyNOxDhqcKpGnm8u5Jgj3lnOQATWgeNQRsK6dQlrJhf4555gS~mYr7JgM5CXyCLk3azX8Dl8bfzlvSvHJqaaE~Fi00uaVcZJDnTmTtTYGo4YPTUNye-ZUuQHfBCsWMxUJmSXT1RvM5vOG4mjO8lwS8IwLHhy0VjmO7bb2esxSab7NM3m8~XqeFLuzshNeBGQju7hoxe3BQAEAAcAAA==
# ardor-wallet.i2p: tm23k5ny3umhf6vf3kghnnwacli5zywq5wrr3xcqowbcofuyr4gq.b32.i2p
ardor-wallet.i2p=M4h05VvsLJIaDGN-2rrwRZG~EZXswBMk2OlLS1iTix1qFwU0KAc-bc3EELSvSOoiBNwdCaJP6e1RUcPU2ZqKmg2sE0~J9F4HAvAtE5~lD81eIkkLJn1qckjx4Xr6f1vIo0vZ~4vhQv7GPgL1zkIcEbRpQeTuOziuDlz7tZmVcBz2kR3xRae~dP-pu6ukN5u5XswKPtgeuQ98wUyZG6pOe0s3MNgtFe0UmJvY9Si7KSnBhAqBJWxwFZG7DBHzenCB9HD-X7zmp992NzBcYVSDnCA8ZYd5rTkx3uMDRj6xsGFE7Wvg0svU-GftH2TEKRR16JS126C9Av0sUz8DfvZvvX8Be194IBw4NrFE5~BpbZle10huoRBZy9H6dC1XncXvHfwK6PK-sOmAr19vOKJRz1DQ25nPdgvT1SjNvuBQQdP0jSUsHpVz1hVCfiNIrNwU1jhf9oyAXzbt8DEaVwbuFofq7zmb~PSaQJCARZIEnvWCfQdrmdua3MwWEvA~I1-NBQAEAAcAAA==
# areticuli.i2p: odleh3zcsmyhck4rgrxmjsfo4o33cthxyy3kkgz5vdrqlzdspxma.b32.i2p
areticuli.i2p=Rg0-FoJ-bdCVKq5~FCW8EYPU-n6x98lAa1WRq9I7XLcThmeHkOyHQLl7QbwV8O14k64tvTiwMcuY2rVOukRhVD0sTipG-w1udfR-srfMjlCor7I3k9bqsPjnJVTRWwDtBlgz5qst84SsydxtlCzyAMo7NUyV20b8OhO~dKsT0VtTKqWfi8Fub5CtplTHbRIR3XH70OkpNmBxX1SB3~Pgg36fP-vJaxL9xr4o1MOOTVd81WuDnOW1zwLUy~t4sDN-ZnDeEmQGNzwhEmEe8q8IQO1QWxYFnao~hzZgDWTSrrEOkZf562vyQq52izFpO26ovJfqeDc4g~~c0nqALa0EizLLhLcP-aALSsbRbjJj1WbQWNxLlnViwOziTDuzNDWSSk1RAY7cFEsvzf9vc-iVhxqiF7uTSKH8ooZxq8SCEnGJUHVaQTYRU4RaDJhVPowdmkRsbwRnEmgFQicCr3eAyNo90b1qMlLCWWJjPEPelHD5ZX-tGYTBojkIZAxBg2JsBQAEAAcAAA==
# atetsu.i2p: pcr6k5krxwcvmessygjmfsbxgnyju6ipq5236ki55n2i5u4uylpq.b32.i2p
atetsu.i2p=fk7Nc~LgmEI4VC2JXa5GEcXExgCR6NC22GweSSCVy-bdL9o5RW8Tsv7yakmYW80WOSHWo7t3jaRJDxht8xAf1cK~0xW-UM8vW~3-xAzo1awn3PJdNbrWxtBqP0iG3mK4K0-7W7n4q1GeXjEcRX~sL30Mfbz0kzrOVveVyz9NEcwGAlNXllUSsu9eTGyW8dWIPhdi2zJ2NOF0k1ZGO2~xpTHKPoLZuj2qhomoxQb13FasAY8cSKbXx3I1~FtgK7Rq5aDJIYahz7v4ImfhYkYoNlmxxG-OdBnBbO7U0R4SjIuoRD5caA20LD111Ku54DYbCLnzGAFBPNw1xfjiToll-bfsNFtQgOYkLU794D5wpmZQbmHgxftKlnWWgvTOuhZk6~RUjY70ND3R0DUDBi~tVQVZCJXUbtnmKCkRX6peOmHdLOu5nGk6uwBIZ~qeXSqb3wid03IjJt0OzXkmzQjGPSJOa~JA7wICt8d4nSz2ZOi~fkrBkX6XTfLelTGjWwKoBQAEAAcAAA==
# atterratio.i2p: 6wmawfacxnn7gsb5fkcyo4e6s3rq3j2gqn2hcrov5ji2s7ntu3aa.b32.i2p
atterratio.i2p=tDpZb7HZ6deC7hZ2o~3aAlTtOUQNMyKnTa8CKDmuCRpYB4YuoNbH5IRj~Z89EtyomngMgqnyFN4s1CsbyAzTD2YymHzYUmqdgct8E6KhH0DOvuQUo4lMNaesDUkFWB99XT3hD9bzB6pQDY2h8hZVJ6kTW68LpaLS4kIEwhCnVBgJ-9dy19BHjp~WyLAxlgrtn7yQtEtiSbt1Yh9WlPbOAHArhbCffhzuOobFIPwHeTXc0xm8W3bpRrSHo0Gm03F2btsJawFdepKe~C8wHHWzH8nTZ39fZSc-Ib0lCauAGAEoTv7HgXdXcFmbiqOyiMdiZ6OsKRSXz7DUxBK1k10ifnP4xUvNRA74ID9cPpH2KFJFKZd8HPWpvUVjIiL6CzoRQ0Jlm93y3DUiQsc5c6sD7fNN~0mf80MvXwcmfCM~rf5RN0jCNmMa8iegxnde5gI15YBG8RV5jv--8job-MrPiPMlmKiXsGOlVjlhSSt0mJ-agK0slCmYleLhavk4pRl6BQAEAAcAAA==
# azathabar.i2p: v35rwae5zb6fcgd7phzkireghtuen43umi7l5yvahm7ezkqg5uwq.b32.i2p
azathabar.i2p=bx04vUxABYG6Tv2HJoHCBp1~T42iX6k2R4CtyIgXaBJ4NmUiTQjHFfSwRS1kXd5R~6zrMJ~K~DF5GgdbtZLWgS~qJHNYTFJzsxPx5VzFWtEtW~U~1Gjqf-FH2BlUdTYHlVuiQZv5YDq004FV81TlbQM9qdmJUu~ezViywB8e7v-Al4vh4xtOvzY8Mbgl7TUVKfu~nIOWAR3mahJdNpb-Ui5bt2jV2X3AlTnYBPt5Y~t2mx~X3Sp3IbZgdkhX2vasatCumfoNpr9IlV61rsBhwbdoRpTGRXEnG8bgCkXmzw7Prk9JjEwzaeB56C1aZzesmZDysYOg-uQ78PxspWlu2hvJLJV7xdpEuLWoO1pwKXnevBQB0hKH6F-aDon58eNUeTj3JEGaih5v4ltW0SDiO3-tHU9xFTL9n4bRUnp3E2JXERYM0h012Pke2gkNK572JCxq~P-uk5U5p5-GUJR8sZAPnh1FkTwq~mFe-bqzgD9bTN6BQY4cDIa-rYjbuahQBQAEAAcAAA==
# b0nk.i2p: hxkzqqo4smyspzx7qv2wqqnbxod3ytabpat2ea5ilh7byvymdz2a.b32.i2p
b0nk.i2p=qTTj1QgLwDphzZZI5PwAmgBLpTIZ-uyiaXQCCTCuTIgtXtAa08Sd5Ckn3FHBomBdPMuKHVVlNms7YlLWKR~k8SqTrJyXk~sJMZIzbeCCgpmd9AOu0B3N6PeV-U7G6T0aJE1KbhbENwc3CzH5kaZImz2xg1G8ubOpLiw6tXHbgF~iyvVSbVZ0KjoQD22SjQ3481xg8MD4EI~HNGsuEVdMpF-hWPtPqhVSy-BXajOmqHDt-~B9aEZY6QV6DgZi-ARn6bsaj4p~~pIbxVghSmq3dP3BXatMiYV2AHnUWh2atRSdFdg1Vhk1w9QJZTislpYVi3AP7kWfV8XEjI89d3IQ~O7XONSd8wfJ6nR-G1FDxOwa3Phj3GAWxr4RgHDQuvFQvB8FL6-0-Ih6kgBv1WAokkHkcCCMo3uMjj6~hED~Q5aLqfWl452gcxKlTViDene7sxTyHx4EWiqGa2-ZXeetClwN3PIZk4lD7M8uyObGO6XXc7oXr84PknW69-WpEGaRBQAEAAcAAA==
# bandura-yacy.i2p: e4t4yer7o6dbttk4xmpsfd56vhuse5upksgjqejnrvrdz35ia2qq.b32.i2p
bandura-yacy.i2p=FVWOC2tUFTUV7T3vol~3don1aj~39a9nokb4P1e~4lSdUtyeW1Cl-bvd2QlqWLqkCVFUr5GJbl31KXoAK27bWrXsx-WO-AX89RqsRg4XBLiO0FZnvxc56Vye0UcaHQFBepg2fgNslIjSHrx0KIvD-esbsAZ7ZWnAxI48-bWEJ0hg2O9Yw~3sUoW21abhiYUEIt8Q2aNBJcAAz289su6jTuJip35wCp-cp2lwh~4ciUXS8o4PykGoRIkA7Hn-S8OGEad-VYNq-vGbsRJvFtS~dLQQZ6Nh-zojIVvpGBF-0ybCgzFV9~R0iLrbruilmNzDVAlZlYhjg9getddvPS3gYF4-eY8JOElWstt4Pry1f6qcJUM1UNnlv0fCr59H2EZscB8i8JViqu3kGjbt9U1IHDXDrKuUtmrJdBDUDjyFpvd23Fkphv6zxqDgOnYh-VAfRyl2SQB3oQjrPJa-lYDyRZEunZhjphiAVte0kG~FIcevPGgTbnRl9y~SQ0ge2o81BQAEAAcAAA==
# bandura.i2p: n6eqyu6glmtgt544ys43ggrozhpiw7biyrelrvmkmg7llfcjwm4a.b32.i2p
bandura.i2p=v5qyiodE7lcMi0lsl3S-UJNFisH7iWMIwgPeT60PIuGMVTNLmQmt2IQgBHsB~e29RcpO5vzOBzf~Ol9q67Fa7IX2V31VTLa7~z0Eh429625Me-Hq8bDS3kRayIkmD8MwKiPBJ57Yp81vB1q7fFtk6XmLSCdaHRaD0Wv3ndGKyEWt7EnVk670szoWYEQzZXrXhWCF~E5kR9XJ8KhHdNTpUu6Ay2LBuKgD0pF7jx4WNbTPZkDDGldUz7XYnvb68UfxkgVK3V9EntwhXMPbiGtv7uj97APAitTxHf751iy7f5z0y5h6fmmdQshmbU0gE9HTfXdtPKoVTGg-xy3uaDIgiCL3jP0i0hfbFVAF-XxSp7GyM-UIRVIQJzUh4xezKxDNYRnphq8zq1HM2uM8tvK4Qnw2zlo8hWP8oUk16keUZ3Y6ODEW99VjpFL13R0uxQzyXOnemunCl4xlwGSwRuT4Lz8lXOMxAaTw0YmL2p2ql373fyO3Nn3doI0GPLcvBjvFBQAEAAcAAA==
# banka.i2p: vuo5wavhhstnv5gehgmvhjy2jhpm3mdlcvtovfqunfzv5ngug5cq.b32.i2p
banka.i2p=hH-5LZGNycgLsTko-aZYRCHOdS22cuVObRO5l1sl7NzYL4l-0Bw6CmYJjbCwCW5X13R7FMKPEym~WqvtmK50VdvzZiukvNXe5zAnfo9bvEuGBKa9PHXkbS2YfSu7~Ha~gU49dPWjVPLAMt8w-v2j4GRcjPU26lVqTvvev12KXXrFOPjg6lPk4okuaHa3tHlobFdxRxRHCVkfOtqhlD1riGD~MGlnt-QqmByzv0ant0Bdt3LgWscsuiQKEPVsAT8NF9Pd~MsfzYGkCsaNqj5PD-33FSMDA5-zKmCRGGWYp78db2sLXfqkzdMtp5m2i793AOhmP7gb-Sib0reFpj0vw34rGwCVVHuAYKI~sOGyd3OVWDK8x5I6v3Vj7ciNMdcWaWfe0GgQ0QPBRZnZQugDgycKSrMoVqu9xlJ8-tPmS1zaxzqV8eDRVZBw4cgYSLzGd-3lCKd3xL9CMl80sf3xoGPVsXyMuiTQItq7ABITXgMChwAxaolH1PMPxtfmeYEaBQAEAAcAAA==
# barneyr.i2p: ymh2gfzye3rk5gite4mnebctmmi7pi57ynjzmlrguzdmagi6ispq.b32.i2p
barneyr.i2p=5kSq8LRORHOSUitg6yAns7JQoo~GhO~gJI8B5SQAhRUPYO8i5L30ulI9Ibrux8Y1kbiq2k-d~6kI1xExrcmBmgtlBvagVFKS0KBCu1~r-lGMkMAATsZhOYoA-G0H~47z-jB6KtGZYcx35-LYbon1STDR8Zed1ZnpR0Ty6tEBL9SG~6l7Jr~DvZVMOJojZ9KMEWjtz9LY58xt7IUbnk5MTiEa2G3izOppltFgM-fIosVtGh8k~1oExM3TIdgiR8p0~yZGZmwJUpWsaCNQyXdTLkgfQWBdzVTk5PRXvF7orWSUBYMuab2U8pG2XPtAud4lKWpOdQGAUbXjjx8OkoiEmmidB1V9nbEbc5oskO3Y8HQBGa4SNcfBcR07nuAPiHmlmzc4mI63MOmPJBYrLzuh4JWpgjsKEwFDK~BxzY556VuGJY1lq9bpMQASbvpBy887EVYD0pSzKLQGFTkrp6WmUf~XZhns0gub41RrFgaCia8WetRDZoDnfjhhajG~jvw7BQAEAAcAAA==
# bash-im.i2p: 2xawo6x2etnnkne244boy6rymj7l6fzmwii27ui5wyt6sxrtp2ra.b32.i2p
bash-im.i2p=3TI8sc4MoSIfkARUNv7RpOFv81LpusJqkfST2rf-M83oM~H3RojLTBoUU2IWjI~obCuqiLi0vfPUpFv0iyf4yQv~jjytx1Guk1fshY~jFxsaIxA6ez2Zk8SOPYB5i2qrR4gIdH6gv6Z0kb2o052KIqPXOJ2uLGXTEOcy82D95~ilfZOWIA9QcGZcj0EFHCoY8vmtdGl5DDF4cJRQiICI0O7gsxQ0u72UsaL05m1xT~WmLqwg-lHPEso-iMPuD4u3WSUAaIbVNVSDqdfkW9B7G3xk0qpEz9KKmQUe78hswf3fpAUMetSsL8krKfpZeICI51QMTFxONX7Z4u0JsIyuYF9H81abD7Ez9~6QGzfKMbTssxgdq~exlSxs1~oe9VcyRvL9woKrfFqCpai8BtgFeZwkIzbVnzqCOI4fr9H-ceDoY8GN5UGN0BgM9iupah9hNomHBQYZpXK3lB1UpH6El~86ap7lITYpNpF6mrWbRpoe3rD8EAjwkm-RgDzqnI~2BQAEAAcAAA==
# bashim.i2p: ujulfkgquzpyglnzds3jyhblentc3ul3qbnrvgdwd3tkn457o7xq.b32.i2p
bashim.i2p=-evZs-vdR8~IIVrj~8y8maFM8KJor26-hKPf4OPluvE897apm3KGYMfcrKU044WORQrRtBcmbh6n3gD~lcSBfvrUa3NZ7rkzDBX8Rv2KeqpiyXlB6zpEOJdNOaJXDIyHZzaF-43kXo1jI2maUQW533bpIP9nUQnRY0QCk1rHvPVZARt-S6k7d7YBfQwzSijBgrcN~6wAptdIKL3Fmfux-6Uy-x66xGM7JF7Qe8zU79wpOWK-~sy10NY8q~s2HmUUQR7hsLah2vbof-9VHxN08ooxGmwzO-Xlz1cKX2R83aG~NVfLmNkN9izDP7wkWSCK-HJNQsJ3MAssmwbDV1vyxOlCr1whM2MjgwfxVTVom0mcx51oaRz5BNoYqlccQ~ktuyvqUcbg-B3PlFG0emSMloVfU~NBR9EmDzi2kH3ipxllu~LFH7av6YBJEc0Xacg5CxWEjDiIv6JRnGJ4w7qREaoWt5cPYAZdJX-jejSKMh6lqI8KvTfFNBjxDieT8ueuBQAEAAcAAA==
# bbs.i2p: 7ubwrcixdcemzqwqzh2vaakjsnochj2biuzpo6dc2n4f7wqj4pua.b32.i2p
bbs.i2p=22tBbum0Q3LdZdRm5LTlvMOE0vHIQQu4EnXw3xqO-oBBtqjuEO4OG8dd6adaeKpQGXyVYkNsBOGGuD8Mm9GnpkUBi1S-fgNBK5VeuDD7X5Ct0Zz4VWBX3iS9DnDJdKZUL0muTtFpPBPTlmtEjX4tJK4bA76AQdZEUBzus6f4-8EfgkTLkHfSEQOgirqPGPLdVvIIZBKedB9O-3kXVqe0Rkmr9hRcqsbfe5ehoTsm82XjGp62wUPAo5gRBgGQfFCRYLMyhX6kIBreKi9Z~w4cbf66EX7o5NEUyW8WQIIeJAen1EtzoD1h9kJDwFkFNXfH78OX09KCu6IbRi4SslIyY1Yr1qNy49MisRL4FnrxTV5GbgchywabKFqWdrggLtqGkXppq64FEFMlDKR0GqDS4HWya7eZiWnkwum4D1DUdzTfP7tWtbEdOUPUSSip~YBLV1QpcKsaMJrd2HsAaIgOb2FInNkMJ~Wuwt~MVgFgDQrMriZ7ReoKsnwPAO05q6VXBQAEAAEAAA==
# be.i2p: vipzc556nzjraiqsk5xwvyhz54fvtqt3vrepdarat3zsj4a6eypq.b32.i2p
be.i2p=B2J5FacsN-tHOdTTwNmEXJIEDq59XNgGF-QxuOG5FA87rze4V-GnAoLyaS60wIcEkVMcjwHe8kW8itq3MbHlIt4G6~gzbK-BHUA-ZcCHcsIS35ylQdhPNH5VXCL2ukPvyRTeGeYxgtEKqm9vmLU0QLDFQb-cdaa~kWsbg2JEwjNz1yFIvnvOBoE~BfAQZDJyiMfNEOrHzJYsV8xGRR8igMI3dBVVsz1arVm0h~hZBGdMxqhzSIE8J2KGzW2pJl~2QRz5LFWJ4guQgZN5caGEyFVVw1IAzLwu3huYTlGIWMkBirqVR4hX8gaiTpFXKDFWCSjAI-jQvpA~YRknSUopprJaMC-OrpcnKUxSFU7hm2kq9J9i6pqXklS2d24qiavZZPGHqfg8KrnOyXsdfvYxy4tChRZV4vosXopu7Ft9IHBZj0Kd3imFTFSz8m0dKxypQn1oN~rN5uYeFWJmChOOJwug7iCMYIh2ziMFc0hlyyLBfUySmDz-GvZE5OBnsEgABQAEAAcAAA==
# ben.i2p: kaqe5l6s2hojtgaaoinn4ucktnc4ixvneldy32ft7zdokncc73sa.b32.i2p
ben.i2p=9oO9BUYOSexoFStYOxF4n-6EWj6xOBGpeh0ombUcdNn-Bj2eOR0M95Eehlowt1kb3I3bIBPP1Al-6y3qDX32dw-0uO5iprC9g3~28hQLSPrnljBz8zaF-eFGr68DzsfNDrfUSh9WUAikp3FUg1myHuXl0jWvBPfoYzijL~egUDz~ajeSuI0cRA7EMJdsTzd7u12ifUzsY1VnIcY7SzwWcvB91gC7LKZbS0Ckb3k9qg9tyOWSOlhLKMZM~4MBTdPtizk~8N92VIzPqQu6CTmrKZeDV3gqPZVP7Is5aVBnm3eWyXsLrH3pNf9~~SO6Hk6BFp0TVhtMRWBityf8~jG8W2AAux7QvBPsCVoxe868eu1Ke0EgfrsYPyCSishrTdO~0UVJm3nvaO4HKSoPcaBa48lqjyDyTUZ883vWKpf81aiFOpFsqoftta6F97LF9OK-2vx1-T33dceXJEEkGxQ3~EwkCZZhM5oqtDBHEbCBOR85XDJMQ5s0udx0xE2HTCa0BQAEAAcAAA==
# bible.i2p: pypz7ca24n3lyp4tm3kvncg3ltp3gd5pgnacc6zltoeffiyyegda.b32.i2p
bible.i2p=wZRMhL9NtJ~qVSMiulLFhU9mXoWDXBqrG0QM8PyIIUkUDxlJ9H6ntM~yfS8ii8TbUo4zUrt0Wom9ZU6afpAHgqhiqHaHb88LLC2VbovsiXl~GdVv9mx5Gvcbao1l0qBJ2MxJfEyE5iukIGXEwaWuaOlTT8ykDmTH6RyQGkxWv~05i9TS~jw76X5kPchJEL4ngEtJO2RcABxsv32v6dSfJWwOB4AfaPShasvXoU-movwBzbYw-SlT8m2D5LH33O2VuWVK0Kh5tzHgMWiRQkIeh8HLyiEdMx8X7WZFbnHFeOgxx0dFDr8kajsAthWQf70iEbSne~9JxS5bnJXHekY-2b-GglrVOG3i3CdbgH7WpXuecww~dKhm9cW5Kn77jUlkPFO6-LfALMnewa7tGti83RVJVjbCr02ZJN5ESO-gfrb4hAGgBspbyV30lFwHIwU2zc6vqWU9GyMxHgGxPNiZupTfmZ0THqyYM5a7F1IshfOoN4G0YkpMAjUrl4--ShSIBQAEAAcAAA==
# bible4u.i2p: xs6lr2g5jiaajtb3nkno2zmy34eipitrggooxb7wtey7uko7bqmq.b32.i2p
bible4u.i2p=QZRIr3v2LFo58-GYIY-xXb3pbpwQur5meOJxSIXpO3j5DdSnpA6X1xZEMdm2xA7pPTI2xgRnzdlAVbWLN1VZkC~YPxaLiaizsXt-YFnfKaTGOMRO3mbH0ry8OU8MMb~Y9XAGbqhAhX4~X4tGUen~-1ahi0iF9mFxIN6RDOGa2UOemlR4eJegQPWCyZX~HLuNTzGNg80o5gKmx~f-v2EIDf24aPmKLNpvgzCUJpIQALDi77-7QUoU0RCADFBUXpsIuv8YmneBTsshm3f7JVK208yc6J9VeAmmxLzf~5P5DlojuzPPygLUK4MOK5-AbIAWBGgXU-8SvBXF3b38XkZ6RU63AcOQWkxvmGABnh9o~pvCeB1R~NCdfdlU2LJOKJuZNdo7rHggvxK211GB~vCzZkDvPsc3n29FYo-nmKG8kfFuNCOUECmwAmYxf4A04YN1McGT8Akj-2ncCSd7CSKvid-y6wCiE6iBlaP2aryOkp-4Qr-~8rph~rnVyX9qPCw1BQAEAAcAAA==
# bigbrother.i2p: tnxiifs6uticzyg6ac4lhv2l5luwi6xra7yngocro56ive5e4jsq.b32.i2p
bigbrother.i2p=Rc2t38r~vTXi0dF8wULoIaGNVeMHO6uz5Tzek9CBiCSv1CQPnzoRH9phVMQYMMKh4X8yp66euBDhLLGEeXTEJXZiU0PAzdIaA19xv7Mi8yrkNwdQvqBYhci3SAuPmhqONjpQYt5CH4twS0U-OFSDOfqn0zYg8KTZg2tT2hcjaqj1Ld8wP0gTrInKeFIrorrMUc3EWecCfvOcWUxuQn6iSNPzJ6bRrjyH7NAUiwGaARYTJ0HLeGR6iCghSJR~Q-QEOOPwBbhW3IoBwyIbwBK18u90ZlT5MTx7OM7aGGCQ9tXLYqLQ2LXThVqAjX-QSROwE5JBdN8so9pVsb-HVcUEYJCVG5J4yjQF0xN3t2e8atnMnuWiyEJNZ5oe02-~YCX6jofLEKgMUOXjUrSNjojmcSHNHE8qOlcCm7Ayts~EMsJFgWRUcN6luAcH8VPHhKnrZCWGWxO~wr8JTKJ65R9-OqguNng3JZsd~RIgck~5Wx1BVndQJomAXShKR2cBZ3Z1AAAA
# bitrix.i2p: bitrixc3rhmuicchznbjo4kwlmkdjeqxo4sfvrespazzdmnbgdda.b32.i2p
bitrix.i2p=SfNxXALSCcE4unGOQugSnD3jkOsAoSb5v77jaqSeOOYnNblfKZLc1pnS0m6627EuFJmn-XZgPoNWWZDRAlcbp~wFXE19dooh1WXyx6yeK90kRkHy~0cwgtzwkhlP82xI~WBY44lPueA26-WhATWlkZEZzZGP0e10EuvVl04Pdh1-DgAzBV590NfBL2U6sw1H00HR31Bm7ghNCYAG5EcN3v5ginvAIn15JOr~RUd1Zr~3LlxWj-nIZebYVsCXp5JYvVYQ06QApN3pjqJ7L1YrWEIFkzAX-fZRsDFSIRiHbJiVGnIraqRwOeF~Y12txylQ-Nun-86zfO0JSSn7qBMIKiUizUgq6r8Na7z21yZ-LsyNznRofdyLm5D8QN24fV5IVXPoumUG9f8vPKZzCSxWSqGsbxkGmWFQXFRFLJHBzJc2u20FVWZf3q9rkj9BbNwBw0GqCzzyoiHLVmClwhbSITeKseKsI0-y7tOqn2aXxFzd5u2aU8egdwH4dAWRa-FNBQAEAAcAAA==
# bkcexp.i2p: jvhp6mjtud4lmj7kfrapszb4jdl3sixnkkhawvatrnzfoxalmhuq.b32.i2p
bkcexp.i2p=8n2qPNGMFRBHlIwa7zxg7SMt892HcSChnuXIMO1gpFALbwnQf5IlBo2T5SMqHoQPEREK7T--EHSQmCI9ITQDHbodKFrckYymN5iuW0~-cXqC39nJpRY1O0ICaWUf5H9wEkJA3ow27GDjVrCNRAUGajrcNUaxb16~Yk~anf5fAag8gWGNT3dpQVPVuttRRmZivCxGl63lABe3Kj0YTeu5I6Do~bnvD8EdKgewjDOwo32B9bNEQCH1Bvn2TxVXvHL6-GwXfnIj8xtkXagJhMrB5Xtyo2K3sOf2G8hpOOspokRGsSrdKXhoDW5mmhzf5C1vB~z1G8G6LVXQ57Zmt1k7Y3n6gjCLxtpGG28650~AHlXwDwbA3B9enfWLgltRm76RV0AG~XzZ0laK-PL07wm7gfE-WoxXGhBPaYjsxqNgc5retd7u2hrD1gsgPvvSeuQd16F1~mox69TGRt~1q6TT-GF82pgLCfCbM7JFwdrlzePKx1tELHHCFAHjWuqAt7VyBQAEAAcAAA==
# black.i2p: sjwueu62qpe6dtv5b322k3f23fl4uz3w6qe6wcrwauiwpnymypfq.b32.i2p
black.i2p=-CYEuJyeIn67SfN~1VWZ-ns7C3XSok6yZOcv-Nbn1x9lco2tIfd-Nz9Cx5ZiFamUYJDlJVD7SWZsWlIeyQacvcqvpwP0V5iRQohEWMVPutIhbhcTzJZUUrWK-NQy2B07z9DKdcBvtRayqv0HrWYQzi-LBbdIMZk~gHq2rSw8o0KUin0nH9F-vBallI4WbVE6zW7e2cDBTdKJxtUvVbhKSulpvTyqjqHaV-TEDiZvfDGoQmuqd03qZfj6gllh7BctJJdJh4Ss6q5698OiSiP0de5e9AvBg1FmGJygqBKXPtBQXpKO3dfhMkNfW-kl0i5UiBis2AACEDVErk-D-CohgoLGCXMRKXP08lQ6SMgCOvYbAYenv-NlKUtu4fKUzgkMGceZHINYGPsS44xOB9sQjGy8XUe07KNOKjnKjKih1Txicn9RJK118HvMLsIMTT4HU7y2Ti1qTxrMhWgbxwIC7crYm5gszGjBiAWcW6Dol9VtdXkxZUr~rNTIVGsDJp~jBQAEAAEAAA==
# blackexchange.i2p: ztgr5kghkyn43fhhkuycroxgfti6cojo3vg4wdd3usqonyvrla5q.b32.i2p
blackexchange.i2p=2F54WJhTYbQGP2M35jF4l6G~mcyZvUVwFcguMaijz-9GzGIZT2HDyw-Xwq1fYLP90v9G9BDneIeYX3TQyy--jhohwHK0MYVXlGoXno8s2nuTgaNKpHPHCCSWHOgqn~421jsVDbuHgWYYhWOUn1MrXlCPoURsxUcllRbFkl6hdVTTfbRh9k~~sMV3DeGBETg9acu4bdQ1joLaX8U0n8dyUkVZdA8gWbnmlpFX27C-48b7qxhvdbX3xErH9DQ2bU1FsgDWvvAFWggTre7dRPqG35XJu5eWqXAiskFoG3szH7QIz71jwLxmUtIlQymZdg3sHbX6YkV-z9r-U2vq1aZzx4yxJQK~5r9o4LtyodkUmFIQ2PORDvefxJUTI0W6kOgwDcaK7VPVoWi4qb9wp1SK1N5No~DsxYwHTid9P45poE36lMWFwr8Q6cimgAdi50o4ooSBbaGk2Ao10W-Z7z1z1KIzvApYHhl9U9bD8sUPQ9pwwgQLued~lKEOxzXdkJWtAAAA
# bleedingtruth.i2p: d4o7lsyylxjxmyinblyg7vqvm44236uqf62jonpo2xcloff2h7yq.b32.i2p
bleedingtruth.i2p=F7ZDYD1U1~jzsf9Lez3fQqR4yrc-KJ~OIz-MpuVRmw~088yHX-vB5bt1Gf5H7cl0ObZCKyC0DEHo3NnLDce-4vlWkCxuafhpU-Yzq46w8yxY0zt~PX4ql5KwoEdPcLxYLqJmPm86-7SvBaKri-umHh9W12rBCW-ZRq01tPgDoW3Mp-ZGNW1TYb8UiHDoACUmknLBdnFubifOt4pNS3bR6vYLnA3SMx1MJYXtkGqrf4epb-63iP4g5UlZXMH~0eZQclmzXtOg1Wix6cYoWvMdbWdXuDLAo2R6l5AyPs3lWNXu0NoHJWXqj8kjpqqsc3jVughKeuT9z3KP9l~eco4PwvsG-I9d-ott8BWNbm67zl7Vz54ilvJq8osnhgSGsuzH3QU3QqJufX1a11AMkgKBRJpd~6ajfJt6ME7VeTymhfCQiv~VtoJuVRwqe2qaPlaMWlOSYDBL3Nxd2gQOvyBzggJcTurZORcA7T5Sn4xL~xVlnVZxRe0wOiaWveFlQk1yBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=a1UWvRqc2cWoD11UCXuIt~UQg~oY9AJdv6FhotQDlwABoHkUFHqFnn74fkwHVfIDPUuKtTIRgXEF6AJv7KnpBA==#date=1627836935
# blog.tinlans.i2p: ylkch2nkrwehakx4z6wiyjbeqwlgasknukdkex6r6yq4xusrjnda.b32.i2p
blog.tinlans.i2p=ilnPp7mxILdEie5x6B-obyVn07Q3JLuWWsTfDlGGupAyFg3hw5tr-YyiAf6DxatMuO0fQpuLCsF2~z0U1DImCEfnMlBtGKYpiIgjcY3UiwDEkPhU8tQp-9Dcxshk0weaSaDOxSVb906EBGxxLmURasWvyUKAt~3djZuEXDivISbT8TTzpwnj1Oi3NLGpsip~ej8IAAWhmmlTtSBdWyBGdWXFTv9D~4OwtDQdvoChZcCC-Nw-luQmcL1pIiWDZqSIzB6lZG6pmPddrHxi9KuRSM18-KXTgRyZSz5ppRPnrU383hndCwBgKxLSHJcyLEtmJH9pr334jQsoyrt3y5986v-n9FepPziC22g2UxSSmIB3fYGohi-QhNdQpdX3GMkBeoZn5M~r~KC5nAEcZQNP1PvtWcUcPbUufrc~Dt0wqledtqzwEu7e9vTIOdxmJbnIGq5kBWnbDDPoBkElx0y3mDZVE4joEMhJUiqUAqGb3Cys6aVq8GWAIJ8cgy8eNecDBQAEAAEAAA==
# blog.torproject.i2p: woelslt2oh4dn5wlxfmpjggyyu6l7ntgk3rngrooldn57x4kduma.b32.i2p
blog.torproject.i2p=r2fCWFfpM9NYi5WKqu10DdOPuGHDQDhghAeIszIe~U3f8PxF0enfB1k2F3jiigftCs6iZq1Bfhqx0bdrfX-~DgpZ8vcbjIvm7L5wHj34meezq0A6W5QDnmb9wHu0Y9-Mtg~TWLDe4YhvqBhVfZQII2pcEkCFyKR7bxMnyUE~KnT90W4JjTyKTH-T9QFm9dX1yweCWFnyGoNUr4GiNYo66tOfRNZPBEmBHvkU3gXaVlfuYpw0oy8u7Q-8QPPPCAM2tXq80EQHUfP93T1QUAdyLYs4svZp2Lk9bpRvVycZVwvh-oSGHwWIYKDHDByMDuUJt0CabfqqP8k0eKkcgn4STxFtZ~ZrhO0klIqTBdbrYfdQtnNz78I~6srdxkkKPplPidHIL8569zD0-2VZY7UtU~ushIwqCUUyWBLyGw-GR8piSPA9P-rRAMpCCnY9XRGZF0ohXKsmefiM7is6-xjuQwZmFLzKoLzASWJ4pX4wAaozkwSiskPGfDsSGjfZyodQBQAEAAcAAA==
# bluat.i2p: twys3aj5nlxgtgckt73fsvvxa5nxqau23qf5ky3afdvseluj4g3q.b32.i2p
bluat.i2p=~Z8JAUu5~k2YfBuWKhu4CfZjb9bs0K~lvPE9czsnQRJOUwCac66QQMFgyTdGVQ27fQAw0PlKSRPfqPu~h3cy7wOeBhZ-umuj-O8h4Qayct1VhebjsyEFm5V-yIOir-5a1zt30T8~FJsMEgkaez13jYLHOwGaT3HJNNM3pL49LRIPgv2RfQJpbBQ-Rw78doBw5e6wA0ofG-kZEX-TYWI35w8T2FAKCCPETtK2hRITMyq2yYC9tnn7BLYy~AK9ITTV0gEIG2nr~3FuAoNO2JBQA9mKp-IWZnP7SiI0qn4GB1WnL2zEBI0jU7Kwok0FZuilHxiNQjUp1LvmsbLAo-5L6aJLzutEksqngtS5ojXTqRiwnIZ4MEk4BcOq~cEXZYMe7zNjwLwE9VyAbbQYGEzCDqZQl9TpHaLu6vk-GMDYU76Bk8XdZWaVLH1xMd-M1Pb2ZMV~23vuo6vfkEDmhFbilO1NaQ8EFii5b-gmJIi7q-BKhvpTGZxBjkS3YsXFOWwJBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=Oe9DjPRYztJHTv~vkyr3iZURRcsKwcpxFOw~ULYr2H-hrMtVC~c79sckiV860dckjm-uKDutgc8ueh78pxWqAg==#date=1629184328
# blue.proxynet.i2p: wfigbdfs6tvajiw24xwohbwwy5pq3jcgzevwnsky2ucwzwgodumq.b32.i2p
blue.proxynet.i2p=Qgr~nlaA1RMkDe5Ys0f1ZM7y8s~6O6f3b9pS7sBEye51oFRGgGRWqY4IxeDuQt49VohqkVATtMwpGC0mSxzlJZ0fFMs-dyyXs8OFae0gOxh8Lb6NEFNvKE3yl4kI8Dju-B90njDEDiFl~em8dV8yRwSpCjyBZ5i2Tq58GSqIGLkUYghUuSiWunLZZHfel9WOfiiy303pQ0Hft9GLv36cbNhwfI4z62V-xNt~KRHcXNsnzEI~JhqOwYX92RuAVWkYI63nMiQOvAducsUiVKti-7VhZiH7VDbObVlrW0eNQFb54TCKEwr0jo~YOhc6hue5OHKpRX2Uvm4E4hNYN62J9QzGFmb0Dfcilgh3ccqD9-6zzuPSiBTQ6-L1U4F-TnMXnztoWsY9gN7cv8UO6uVa~oCBp0ap8h7nJKdrRPjE8OMtMxpV7KjMgNcDd~zJIAzVFzXtL~TcV7~tvkCIcwb88pRw~Nch48EfPVbY1gNHCKQAv~0j3inXOkDaIOWLjc30BQAEAAcAAA==
# bobthebuilder.i2p: qlahgthqhr4uojkkwahnper2cl3ro5f5gtzy5t4lzapbzo4osy6q.b32.i2p
bobthebuilder.i2p=~yWhEqNol7mlDs5PRH2QdfcNoeb8FmshlYrfJUhzxkFPndJPXU2EuR2nu9u1Lyfj7VU40VzcmKNgUFg-M~dPT25QZ6AQDwLUw8k4Om5qJALXkIsHx7Hh2Pe3orsySpOUX9gUlGn8kLP9uqrCwOt4Tr8b3UbCtZubC6KCVyUpxGnwKnjlPlCztInftwC~Sbn2Vi3IEXrq~bgN5Qq-n2fhDvOrJaTcJzP8Vy~avA4ZgPDuJZHCAkVFCcZxL~Khq6v~3mzq2uLybpf6ijcFSoVbORvI8Isk9OO-GYB4P7IaBb15S842s8dQ-NaCw1gbaCv-Ia6SUNdfwCnMey7qaBBqBlLrwTx4-Fr2efPL436hswSTPhiLAK-Z1RyfkWhLcSbYdWNzvWg18-x2N4~NylVqaWDMUGuGj1HyTCkWpQMWo5y7RnSbsNoCLLE9NIJnD-Fw6XBccM2~NgurS39AJUOb6M03~2O9rNBHrKDahgZxqJ4PqMIQhM9QIQBb~eeEfm2PBQAEAAcAAA==
# boerse.i2p: 7633w56hd53sesr6b532r5qlbdnvyl5bnvama6ign6xryaxol4rq.b32.i2p
boerse.i2p=DkbqqZQ5l3eLaA2sL4MA-OnSm0EzGbkhBDoAO3Mgb6qG2sb1JR2TkRx0brxOQoKfP~5K0PnxkWjapD7ft-ubSq-5Gbsdn16zJqupbR5Q~6Atzo8TUrV3KDEmUYqkfGtRO1w58OkFs7Bbnli--gyvvbs5o2uT0zv8qsGuIGgDFgABAtaWUwhBuWGSodA599SsrusXEv5EuPMCa5fED7uggkdjFFzDhOQ0Mw2p23l5KjjsUqzXQ7by39R1x6T69lMUnCMI6WDkgKl5x3aoTycle0XT0gxx46aZFBV5-wouXzJqikv9w1YYoW3e19jqiwpf~A3~vVqfWuPuLCq~POWF3OqvYJkBMAkp5G2~V9RFPa21yD4JUbGtqN6NupIsFwGjtROKQ-dVR-5emZDcX6fnneEdljS~XXyu4eeyM92k46uzJbUIuk5qfEakiUanYnKKYn-I9V1koaoC75pBzrcWrtLnaQGxRGk-qPezNey6FGqQKvaqoW~qB5f4Ii3vbUKyBQAEAAEAAA==
# bofh.i2p: auvuinzogu6gc4pwsgbjijuszxgcjygciu2wy53pfz7mo5nfpc5a.b32.i2p
bofh.i2p=DEiHspHZByHFV0eJ5RfI-qDpzaVwgf1SCVST640B0ZP0G489fYgcxxlC-AsgrWSxMO3BndEDQOMWr56GwdLsVeBOjaO-nTIFlkcbQb7kwSdT0F6a8qA9c49KTV7rjxvXAELC2klqQQ9fLNwwA6OXFhPu3JowHxW~wqItXYLsSUPUGDLYY4FPp6Em-5Zvu8ouC07qBg2Cn5sj5Tnqplp3YzJOZrEqvuBhyGxVL~tEopmcM20EhKWOBRpNXuJwR8nPn4HWJ1bCy5NIjULuoU9pCZfp92jraUSiUAQf1cy06fkXmxz5Hw7MW5Z2kW6ucWFOaOqoVL9RCQfU7wuLQGxmjfTlPcaBlzBeKueivMicuCBikOwaD-CeSe8JLYQhXhDXG63MfOF8gBPuFKZPWAnfWRcgm1ZziBSeFl0Vs6bUUacW34xo6BXRDK8nxlGTcfomHZtalUxHDkfa8nT~4It1soLJbHQ93J2GsNgMeuK-isfwsn7Jjljg9~w2UrmFtUuGBQAEAAEAAA==
# bonobonet.acetone.i2p: keihicq2fcfooqvdqtufjpigg3ge5mw5mjdpdnxy5utazrqkcnxa.b32.i2p
bonobonet.acetone.i2p=tFwuzC~SEKSZu7gScfs6nqgxOro7Y882r9TGT3fgN6HTjuIzjE4zO6GbK3cBJ~Mh67AJPxGWnUKjlsgbKuSqechDFOVbbD2~xpKO1Y64~l-FNVFCIEsw6RFSpR~iD4VNbqL4B-uCLqWs4W6JdUhFF-6nYWH8wHsSBED56OexA3EJQ9zTZgP8en2w16IlbMenO2jAFCVsgkYmN2pAxUbNRyqWK4KcZyqyBJbLuRfrOXCuqlvIQ6rijO2h9yqzxS-ceR1pcgvNvbj8yjnXmaukP8FKw~~E1Hs9MIenJ96RDB6xN6s~lX5Avo8yQwCtP3Fu68cxm640B716hW-Ryb7JAltE5gqP7bkYUPcHQEqq3K1hFtyvpcmMktskzIx~xAF96nkWfwBKCTq4NNg41rK8g97b-HgRUJI7WvbIETBOvmh5HHnZEQKYuTsLtNgNGWj0xGGbOAjSmP78Z4RZQL9iKzcsUR3g0nnjbKRk9xOvoEp2xjTpDrg4PBRmc8i42oODBQAEAAcAAA==
# boran.i2p: boranyzcefxqw2ktndemy3npt4zhetpp6edldtlym2ap7n5azt5a.b32.i2p
boran.i2p=FsXhQlf9B4CfETb7Sv6ogmwrMBqGzvfo8u7DzsZ22h3ZpRbaqEk47Ta2c9zJqNKevn1Q7H3onr28nUh4quY144w3pBDbOAsQ~e3HipGyFm30r-ECelGDlzomfk66Jo5iW-uMIcZC4Fb1P5IGW7UonOO5vlp1B~3CWHdF3OTumYHuZcxKAXTI1NW2osoRBnC7Is0E4pCqOXT3Bf9WbKKt4uK8WTWOmkxERlBwpNe1cPmV1kfDHd6hVePZims1uuXzjEgWS9TPgaD3J57Dm8IwvkVBepnYDtT8BGtwft4WF8hMhktqZ6txvz589blhtJntXa8mTBMMw35g3AHu0xTkSayv0wJSM5dJ9U53hOPZeREFPjlllB3kyOWFQYTPTBVG9kSgS7jN00IQk4Az~XNklfGWvMyi~nyAPP3FlR2qJgMqXSWrPL--2n6cSt58IDGjFlLbH5~ZknNAwIdmLsOF7mn1ReFZuod~YEvqq90w4KvyYjz5ZiivgXjqpDhund9eBQAEAAcAAA==
# bote.i2p: bhjhc3lsdqzoyhxwzyrd63kvyg4br6n2337d74blyintae66mr2a.b32.i2p
bote.i2p=6IZTYacjlXjSAxu-uXEO5oGsj-f4tfePHEvGjs5pu-AMXMwD7-xFdi8kdobDMJp9yRAl96U7yLl~0t9zHeqqYmNeZnDSkTmAcSC2PT45ZJDXBobKi1~a77zuqfPwnzEatYfW3GL1JQAEkAmiwNJoG7ThTZ3zT7W9ekVJpHi9mivpTbaI~rALLfuAg~Mvr60nntZHjqhEZuiU4dTXrmc5nykl~UaMnBdwHL4jKmoN5CotqHyLYZfp74fdD-Oq4SkhuBhU8wkBIM3lz3Ul1o6-s0lNUMdYJq1CyxnyP7jeekdfAlSx4P4sU4M0dPaYvPdOFWPWwBuEh0pCs5Mj01B2xeEBhpV~xSLn6ru5Vq98TrmaR33KHxd76OYYFsWwzVbBuMVSd800XpBghGFucGw01YHYsPh3Afb01sXbf8Nb1bkxCy~DsrmoH4Ww3bpx66JhRTWvg5al3oWlCX51CnJUqaaK~dPL-pBvAyLKIA5aYvl8ca66jtA7AFDxsOb2texBBQAEAAcAAA==
# boxs.i2p: owm3fy2t5vwbxowk5gsshihkwjfknqq7y4ylbeyhvzta7r3ybrpq.b32.i2p
boxs.i2p=btgtA~3zYWhhynEfFjLQTJvI7ICO40ze-z97BwBkC-igTPLIzbotH7rPc-BTxh8AHFQBpagEswqIF678kSue0-pgQq8BIjsmbfaWwuI3DFEHgoO7OoJW8ruO5xSsFdTSSF-KiksJNMPUEU8SZ0Ue0nwxm7NsBzbgzXPOZYMad3S6fC4b1oxFpb3MZ6oMBMsmm8t7hJ3duRgNtL2CvlDdkSLDnj3aMO2~uhc1cy7q9ko8JKR3dHxCtgM-qQF~TllO2b9ad9bLzb1mELipTqVcg3rPUmZ3lHQ1Ri9Ka3xUvb6mbS556pKKCemFsfK2dSRb701K~SsKf1f9NB56EjiL7AmqrarCEytIXbgfUtSvLzhnCr-Cc1LT68yVFl3BQjqX6VGSx1IVelnkkfUzQSb0-gpR6Vj-LxMvmuITAXH8LJiwNddwl7md6-z-DZjLDEyV3Xnw7OX8RbR7QCSkfCZe0A726NdnWeuwEGISwPs6a2sRkMgES5B90czNkAnkGzL0BQAEAAcAAA==
# brain.i2p: wbmkweyyedl5dp74hfyo2iot6y7oq5yzbe6hbscdszyi5dci2dka.b32.i2p
brain.i2p=lN5fiM-L8sW5CN4M4UyhqJqHm1ILqn5DW~YeMZJraCtsa4u1wJXLwxgpojZUBI5noZsG-pHSlqUiySTyxZzGOfy6N8EBo40c7XABG85qYt2X9xr4DUfu0TMEj0KGnR1MTYde58jdODxCg2hewScinhNSrHVCI31M4gtrqgoTlFoBkFR~b3Wok38F8C8Hm2ytbJ50AqQDjfpHS~BYNxDWLkNti0ZLAedG~lO0yyLwdMwGTUqspwZJbV-gMWM91r511O8xr7ot6KNaovGu2k6vRZijBwY6jVqf7wANEMBwd3nehvL7VtwLF1CuU6QCJxDqLvkVi4JgjVwrFuBvV2cfvyVIA1BXVbWLUvCdnm~hnN0iR1M-nts~N0CnTbLxepT1aZgxvVW9JUmJ0Qseyz0dqoMBMrcebGI1kGGPHOkTpOGC40t2H9yjykSveUUPhLPNlxKWDB90Rm21MDfDxM2r-vrLejFySX3PoaFnjciJzmhhRJsVHvmdyk6C7wnDloHbBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=m3y-eCDWYk4-jG--uC-G3a7sqgBW3uJullloik1UVyYlrQPD6ZxVi2NqNLS53BnHlo-xuMNyXe~QV39iqkTWAQ==#date=1620315306
# braindead.i2p: braindsku6jnpmnaats2cu2qzax4pga6dwhx436kxanpxgx2pcyq.b32.i2p
braindead.i2p=weaat2kcj-vYZgjeaTOLDfwqfBJ2Z7oIUNeuAF4lnI5Ac3lq8Q6ndzj7aOlCqSuvMaA79NkaP9SM6n2uoxMTKQiA8hk6bpGUZrL6B6z-swlMzFZuW59dXrryQyyXJWOsHJvjk1gcGZsqaBdVSSenYqjw6LteZiM~INDTfTZmZSg5WdCIUE4c6PmPtT1aK~ctGPudjbi2dsYQaZW-ZAof7dDXXz81logFRz4JYPJje4lc3oO8PmeKfO-8vtHxFbTAhNy-ajk2d~cpX6ByNUE0Dk7gwL96qh1IoxnU4ACnA52jRyJ8Q3T94wkPF6keKwigPBgGL7~Pvwx1JoT56xdhWfwCJZzV7VUEmkDuTYN9ZpZBdmCKtHR~IymaVG-GijQrB3kn6IzLM0JaSLUeoFPLld-KJASMc4Xmkq1Lm87O3cf9ujDZBwvinAIoSTDadymCvziK77ynlMi-pg7MZf6thiwOq-VcyY3d5YwHKFRJ3iTicUBxQVE9luVbp2-oElNmBQAEAAcAAA==
# bridges.torproject.i2p: 2tiwhibsjvys63t43xncar6y52dy3dpct6edglenhzlalmyirb2a.b32.i2p
bridges.torproject.i2p=Otx20DxA7W0fGOTFX5MKfVHSmQu2TY--rBOx2L9TrNV42cMNv~GV9kyA9gRxazUkZdwjVbXimRzzPIR8djlv19PHH3qGI9IRVrIXaAyUfpZnGLySGF6xnqlIQ~lSJwIjv-UGb9eRIDNcLojTk6tfzmxHF35XReEg0OstTh~sa1twjRBVFNHJeEOawEwgtcg69eFik7CbYwcjXTivFmLiBmyLLz9J8VqnKBDMyHPasyEd-8jtBxa8rqQoPWhW-7vMzLs6lM0g~KmHEVx6S0cR9QHBF~hFaVqkxIoGAgrNmRD8f5kbEX7DrcJDx75JSxx~SMUDScZvSB~ZbxhEar60Q5kBeBZ~cC3tEmdjyP9bs0xEAXN1O85UxtfbHcWF7qOPHQ5EDn7AgbLxB2se5~4wcQtNcOineQ02IVHrt4WQAWZlix4powLY1kDGJeZxsCTfiXx6epZxnB6yFjNOj2tJ3U1jxN0yXDyaco4qpFrI~JLzjucD5RxdUTMLO3r4ly6XBQAEAAcAAA==
# bugfuzz.i2p: ubszn4gsf22vga67rvzzlg4qj2bfcq6o52fmxz46xruawqm6z7rq.b32.i2p
bugfuzz.i2p=pjAl~DIe-DizhgYU0nZr56qoGEJBePnvfzkxY9d3DV~UcLKFGhVGy5pUOeUG3ZjxvKvSWr2nUAo~0ZyzIOaTAvrvEougf-l-ftx46axr2pcJNO0Pvah0nP~hLT9y2i687dAyyIr3PU-y3Z7enU1nO37vca444qZeygTk7vZamg~IYlG7IvDAAOmQudYu3zUOQXB4jROfRE2X0cTUSMjXJy4W7AN5wegS8iMeiMszz8EcANn7g0HwvzNpRrbXwfRhiCwq7yYEd8aQ1-d4U5SUth7dATipxJSzAa8iG1DoeuhQ1-vTUdUUVU0L8Aacu7-fko7BnArx8guT8WeZEzoviqp81pb-IHfqlx~8swEd1tFBQvbsKKuzwGpKQeV8kPVNzxKDa53UwEJQBvUM~PWPRvvSgm1pMce-olXdhb7w8m~ws5Cg9uTkwgJPg8Zao6c~qkFfx4tP0~j7UoB6CXYghtTG3oPDlML9L8btvUxqoOu2pkFJdicMYx8vkNk8o8A2BQAEAAcAAA==
# bunkerirc.i2p: mdt7h4zsbwafsikg3r4iiqh5wriaisznjj5d3f3lyeahipudsxoq.b32.i2p
bunkerirc.i2p=F2PKbJlnq9tfHIek9VDvjTTTq5BLs9TMke-Exe3TAM~IryRNQ6XC0NxZH0xNOd-SjR75AL2~jSFWFF91VHjzCp59L9aVl1elylghOOc60laYUe72FNT1OftE1vDGub~gyJ9QPR0PddxD0CHImTUjT2NkDJsNvj2jZCp-BntptNrkAo1e7v02av29WwqI1GblelzUUSo2iv99Xsg~zBssP-OJRsp0CE2ZQmpzMwAHAG3Jcr61FMLSKX0ZX6Nqil2ZAVRbXCX0KTLRJdn7rVuHz5z9mdk2~I5XJt2P6QhgmUalICZmf3OytI74dvE11fn5RHAuQT5Z97DSD5hH6-x2ZnJYS6gHd0cjcLJmR-aoBQqtcFYzkkFdtK6ycZmyJW0e1qtHPKtHfUGziZnyk2lDWRf6B7JvJquTiEl9LoVXaA3kv8Jnf3b2NoFR9KE93yznDNCqgAxrWaaBdiuC69swRrrknwFkyEJoDZorPmP9MYavrqFAgSAnEo4ynlWmVK7EBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=yVgd9WY7HJJkT7agpdQGOdP~ZFFNEdPHtFw4J1BhoApr00JxcyEKQMKxtVLUdtAf1ZFVN4w6O1siI9THtmIYCw==
# burntout.i2p: lkep3fd7tjvxrs25crr2c3jy7xm4s7bqiua5r327zgpw37sgyerq.b32.i2p
burntout.i2p=XKnwBu7V5pBel2a5kB7LxskSNSs66PjO9PKq4rWWXZVg4eTnVLmZ-~IVnjgBWozS4ybzDz-~hFP1veP8ci~uja-2iHq4rTaAr5xYnFzXNDaL94kTbLAcaDNg7poEgOBSNiM1vqqxbT~j6bXg6d57CDPy-K39izVyZ84xmy0i0V2x8sYpxyspALjgLJtOX6cD68yWFhxFTXgMJMQX5bspXZme0NWEPc4GN6EjlOBJIoO6vqOdTuozjgS8UgqcpJEK6tTCEqMb6KrVJ8ItJgtJHi1xbtPHqNNooEbmeJZoqdPKA89XXfjLtesN86CgWh9ZlJlSDZNViDEQeboi979vNQwT3WPkQwkmWJT-1Xkv9wRjiOc9K1qgl9gJXmtn61Jyzx1S206J1YPmfYHrxs2cd0D3nkAXVu4ooVKnidP~XFUOw-xh2i20h9qLNpETc3d24c5~kZQwVtI79aSmuae2rbjdKiueiVCTNMjJu7Zee0226Vsjp4h6QnrA3hmrGOXsBQAEAAcAAA==
# bytepay.i2p: 7amc4ztwkzu3cgsaaaw3223ohuihn5hlsqc6gpf2rxdyptdkyugq.b32.i2p
bytepay.i2p=U9WBN9gcaR8htiJ6JQTqTZ7OTm-37YEw3elVCRJRl1vrUWZjSvTXUpRWsJ0ThnfwoFxUJU86lYEfY2MkTmYwB9sLfSrw~2VyO-LRqzdwK8DalKBzYxZVqgTG38Gx91FPzoDopfj4E197QZ8mRXkzDjRu6HLrH7gCjCLOl5ACpZ2plyyJ1uRfscYqJCdU3xu58tE9Hw8CD~TDpqWpdoB27sX3m77HCJbe6XzZ-LTla8hHYi-f5duet8sYau6pTGcx7ebkSNQFY2lvcq0s34TivVmlrtaqPuAyDoRA-O-dlvpzbLvZImxgvWPUpb4tKwBTeIpmtqFqKUVLYYyWzWy-NE0GQnHAaScpM1vNj~6-ovg6uCEeKCUMw6dd5OA2Qa4jBWCu77wNsYc9VCulTRSiO1sDacxn9hKdQDzkN5L4GM0UTGe9Br2pK4bIzXG8b7bUzLP~GpWQvvFAyjtVOTkOk-OrGHRt41y7duxaVZ1hWUW~eTWVotA6Z-epL6CdYEGlAAAA
# ca.i2pd.i2p: u5safmawcxj5vlrdtqrsqbsndkr5cfenpicgg5euu4xqm73yicba.b32.i2p
ca.i2pd.i2p=uVmINfesg~lyRwl2jvL6e2ZEJ~Oo3Q0eFivnOAqIeDk6Ms8oBpsOnq-TJGNLsggQ5h7yy2bbRdUUsLkx-kymwaRs2vxK-6woOvle2FtAQi0yfWRfAitbZhU6r0AujK-ss7Cu1A3q3ORchKIxEA9G0HjkLkbUerLUvudAfUnFXG65Zrpl~z1jIRky~nBYk0Z~FtC0Qe3QPr-4JCBID8uky08ADg2GN2EUWTceokASShGbwlzwlezisINY-DUQHam~UsVE2nJg3pJeMqNCMrhVQnoLhjeRlVVgQ20ByVarcAyeSDz90g95zC-B13zZyLRH0lR9cH8JvMtDM0Myha6k4zYRkFGnhBMZDkL3AUKZ7qhF04G7pGCxSMmZVs3jhNFA9boDm9SrJAShc7eF4wZYiuISv46m8kX3NRfM0ad4NAFuINTvow3EBwKG6z35QZtp7csjKKn13tMtvZcT61vCKy34pdg0hxKSTCAwROyOsQqxhOSUCoreJkae-umbW8-1BQAEAAcAAA==
# cake.i2p: hpdbe6o6qqqqvgygbcznssat46kybsm7rcauofqaoly4ajdi2jeq.b32.i2p
cake.i2p=iK2gc0dITQv2yuCPmYxE0FXnA~6wtUuw-mw6GC2-~-Vb3v~uyyhst8q0-vl--S~N3yBnQXukYitcDYDzFoybi5biKurn4nnbmksk7DXjHIDj5UNS~QJgjcOKm69jGH~wvljo8BUIUpsI-FU1TlPaQk9j1XDiGEHNPrQbV7CUq66CDhQ6e-MmIo407BJrLt568tMWLjjdLoYwoeI5F0YEeMnmX7zWpoicfhOlN6FEMnCaVpL3NPUPJhJ-0eq00UcrCqYVF~pzaJCs8qIXmkBQw-S1-z6MBNBMa1NvDi~G5GVO8fTnhKXpaDDBc9~~HGEl7C8NphlTRRDxU4QEZnYCwaehihwWp5iVLcm8DpCAIgB96s7kS3F6BY1XP4Ak~U3rxhgMWdje4hQvjXjrdoHHko79zWESlph9AaCKY1IJwGGeU1TzKa7oq7~sgPgNhab6OSU19d7B1WslDTR2vrstSwEugokWWSljfRHyyrTV10R9FsiSPRmYJINzidlexe1oBQAEAAcAAA==
# cantonese.i2p: 3r3d43jejiezwb6daqgtk23ccs4jm3bvkhxwwwnpymvjn2aymriq.b32.i2p
cantonese.i2p=g8VAkn4Lzyx2oR2~4W8o1aKRFo2aG-7TOczteftrc01O0k-J9-KM7PvEVDrzRnFt0Q6qtF7M0WUk1SfZ1VqyRd4nmbi-briskbBRcpLI3pFR7ywjttk7UvGi~keN8AZdJRQHYHsyWCbVZ5dMVWAkyYPrsM7WLs1FnxeTbRsQsdqlmqfoSuDueK3hROqQsaCSe7sGdqEPvb9uJUFLUVyY-FMer3pUVI2gNnQP3n3fn9wCgXs9NZobcgDjd84l~TZ0htKhYLY4~2VH5mEDkK5OmeigWboZX6O29vrsSyU9ze0nVBNDUaiSn7DjheZ5n2rDbTC4c8Ek3NJ8c-i174uVDVV55jgkiKawAVtmNZ~qlziotm8YZ0MXdIIGKLPm3TfGAK33u-uctgXgHqFmBixhwPTXyINy6XKhB76GW3dAQSlJflb203mUSBZuBrk21iUSRe3JhZ-6-nE2aBXrzp4KiVYc5BAU7Zo-dQi~-jrA5S2TCDMMh4tecvBsABnie6k5BQAEAAcAAA==
# cathugger.i2p: vq43xjjcnejqpzfprws5qzrea2siieshu4tglpdepql2w3w3bpba.b32.i2p
cathugger.i2p=peHwDohld8htRAZpaaX-YIpm5bmWsCYw9Z5r9NmakaNbVMUp0j58dmx91XnqzHeeZnZ2mXGeYA0AnRPkVVqeZXCBe63J~1NNfyLyQ7GmSsNOjmpCsulT3PatJ503hie~hU1xhMM5FCBmY4i91f6rpjJ8DmLHIHzEyAqvBsSe~5wu7f7mcZ4VauC4ATKMpovu2hBRMwa8DnVRFWzuxT432ItkpdJRz0ycvBkAgivPPKL1MdA1NsU1MSCXmylHWTocaoUQXq84uMXYdyShmu~VhV862ybgxsAjAmtTS9USqtra1H49t5bliHIrLd7MBh2jWL7yZsK5ThYfM4kcm7~NK5~4YbVDjRR0U96Dwv6EvrJHkPCgNcYaEnSQGMrDXabVh5PrvY0LNBTgSHDeOrJbulZZxxd-2i9eAE520nAybhyNfQ94mjCLkvxP57nfWqqLCEm29OpXoZrGNK51xO8ku6SeAuaPwfdKndd2jcBzPTqJnccz-15GDhHNACnSlP3rBQAEAAcAAA==
# ccp.i2p: gd3s5oigjkgoiavxzjvyqb6y4yz5c7paccgd5pxnyhu7ix2zk7qq.b32.i2p
ccp.i2p=OgO5lblziP4INGg~pet3yzmQOZWM7TNaEHiEZJo64pM~oldQuYjYZGyNVUPUc~ycT0s~X21C8I9PIGDjrTP7LfG8S5GsXtRm7eKsqdFDafZgl1yi5o45feeC9byAAlajd6ePDxpu5XVj03qoso4QQSG-6o7os4ueUG8IV5ETqQfQTU-ZbZtsZ31vHuNxp5T-cVNIapsIf3oJcN75I00Jv3Apv0RaOpJrUg1299JvftlcXnykNlFPMDeLcd~HOUpIkMSuKl2Y5VeBkJzfu8TZtGpdGIuDLIrto2wjt8paBNL18lG44y03OVWlvSUHA5CsztJFjWHsYWDHLdOSou8oXjQtwHjrbNuaPWrZduxIEtwRLBgYtO-F6ahzJhO0T0hT7fpsG5lGoUa16~GJuIEf~3zmhl5UhQksJ0qdAFHaz72mN03AhPCAa~qHESLEK6tnoQ51HFHYTfFGVZgTZH4mv2s9j5qaIQ30wI1OLlRImzHjTpTgAWoSjcxPDfTDggMNBQAEAAcAAA==
# cheapeth.i2p: x6pq4h33wu6txj6vvpgywrgew2y6cwzs5l63w726paqsvogeqdra.b32.i2p
cheapeth.i2p=tL~9Snc0HQzUODo8H6-DfVSW9w7COMYZvN02I6eih7tgVDSo2~CQr~vUb-BRpx7Oy47cbKu2Gi9-S12mfCpZh5EHmCqNefdmdR4EsCLQDs21etdD2-PX3YilptCmg0l7JznlraszKg9HiB93VRj5NVcnrkiKnMMXYpDrBWR-098KE-77Gg8E-vpW~Qd4VGOqb0dGdIuWwZyUIOPS3eZZPdIPPrEksvbHD2IuRgt2b0cdXqG1RG2gFEvmPOsH1z9Z7cMm6A-sK~a5-WzkpUSYUkipzEi1ESdoibXj~8~~EMSBnJgZAfHVhCgrd3wotjl4bwFNd6O0iDnx14lx-i3sFr8Lc1wqLdpV4dU0s0x63uZjDbDWkbMs1BTo0SCqP5skCkbFbKPftx4PIkoqg00-RWCofyJjouMU-i22Ac6h0VUknJ77trJLWbI7pj7Xvd0v57GvBGI9-APPEqw2jIuvPRK7BnZeidemWl2fMO3GjL9uthzci~D9KWsN1dVB82AFBQAEAAcAAA==
# chitanka.i2p: u4s3jneepk3akoez46kqiwikoezi6zyj2ibjkjyi4uuvsbcojzba.b32.i2p
chitanka.i2p=ACE2cFD91vDdYQ8a08-ipohwljAsG-geV1uZwjFAagZdkfrZHmhusl~wr7VLNSGY20ieqE3-Ry5H-ZIhkECPzOxCchGwHQCNAuHSwQ6Nm3YYf29eP0uo6IEw-rMim9TinWOrjB1sMk3~4PY0nLGxEhx~oD57i5aVAM6l3p8RkcLiw2Sdh0435N9O8TBUELYMX~luIc4~~0wcy9vyP5eNmhktSCNrtb8EW5qmoHISMN-CDW8Brw6ZVRB6zZoahHhnqhn2ShGDhTev9G4v7byCwmjewhPgkQLog~H~Kbxk8eobFH-aj5~HZUtU4QcEafv~FOeLFatSSVDjjVPmExX9RgHiDIi7s-mtZIKorGsXpLSN2hH8E4veoeRoB8K9z7pE0I9VSlA8ZKlrZzOeatH327MTWJAfOs1tYpoV39AVw2pShHSIgimZRTlbOT1yZzz2uitWhKzQKgjIvQRPff4-mdb9ym-VZqq6lhAW9XMLwJ5VyKMqYDkPZRllx9eHowQgAAAA
# chive.i2p: tvsopmxs2enrjlefhuq4zthr6lkyfg7vwwosddcwt62qoncstpgq.b32.i2p
chive.i2p=y9i3qxMe5n1uh3dLMqj790S1HamLGgT82wgkm930K2incama8xrMO8i1CKsFN72zXvZNcN1Z0hwVcEtHdafVuMO8fLS6i6WPL-4b4dv57ylvZENh1qxE27-UF7aBAp-8bQQaK1~FoRnP1-tmUkQ4gx1BBFa7e-R-AI3ODzaQj4n7IzoVdSNNjkAVMgt0qgs-GAYThUG7HCwoUL6vV9YdPxhARQBsRrhcDBKDnvDrG-P3GTM5CLdvugGRyzF2roA9jc1dDcKAANrrrSg6PsIDMSs7-nfSiE6O53~KDWgRhNfAcpx2Jy3F~wYXptprQUZRR6hrEyEbCQGnjNNbqKi9ZnELD~Rl9ZFrWK-2hGvN3Rdzco8CFe-ISgCloFKwIVbq-L28J~0M2UlQPLbSQanN~JY7j6ZbKmFdiAaAOOgmoGeslHNOPYPbug~z~3ptrs5bxrJtVOlBfQ4~dSfPAoa9jlzHoi~AHQKhQnKuAJsT7nFEILzEmYKDFt7fHPrpUTxFBQAEAAcAAA==
# chmok.i2p: w7eqh6nndwk4yr5vxtbnvizgsg776vamwingijetnnqojrzjxm3q.b32.i2p
chmok.i2p=oDJnrcuNAzfw2jAZGBVIJVOu9wDLlQzDvLFw8lLDsVvpkdbMxNuz7-EQO6bHwbiwSSe4aT2H0C3C3Q6dmYkLjoXqGc3bkA9BGfWx9ZKpYzRk~Im7tZ-nqKZOzzEVWyxGEFnYIxPjJWMFDAKrGpaCHyfVg1dtX-c1D51kwkwkUZoyxH-1hzj1SQYLTxn9zf1gy7~ciPglcnZmdbLsKs5o4YwGz4pHDqGYB9KX~eyEED106oApE4Vl4HjfB3k60beL57ihyBzMcElJn3oofGTq~L2aN86w-caQcMTbFa-Kv3vegbWnzO~vyYPUdFXyv8TWrk7ccRp4MNHaPn-h9-3oJfikqOIXCxNOS8p1p30wzTOHFJaIrw0VKJyUVHuVaD6qMFz6RjyZDhHrz1LPp8rQFInoS9~9hUM1QadIbYmdGy8K5NRPQQRxRWbNnycK3SSMU2NmatxUKf620MrVpxXkZ440t9GK5oyntedQeKaupcJpfgUmtlOdBb2Zb~aJkKSeBQAEAAcAAA==
# chudo.i2p: iaublzhzc4ssa3rcrjbdigautm66mslt6g2sninugagiarl4at3q.b32.i2p
chudo.i2p=6fMW7G8d4p5F0rcF05VHkdHIujdanVY3-flaXozSo8thC7I~gB-nqno~qGsgsP9BCO7W~hPvTGiJkstOFJDqONdbcdEyXz6YHcD9uzaeO-TEN7Heo04jIS6v7nJ2eOjJjsPsxVSwfjfa0Flf0CNRjJ7SeRvIrMx-c7ENyZOGb4SEGgDXYkvc7fybP2F8QG7q9XmgOdlrsjcRRJ7H0Oxz4AJM0z4qgUA3fAUEuaRIdhauPq6nO28WB6gIgl6uPA-lPt2JzIN~mxR9egnbZ5jOLVEXXBnCcoI7oYanuUkq8Lbo8muEEpPJp16NxOObzk9ODTDNggz190YrU9yuzOZ7gAD-QDbXRc89TahHmcfK6DD6FWLYy29zW66YSc1Zihl0j4-~B4WB7hGe8lbq82cq3H5hqxrBMSKFIRRZsRt~3ixllvPYvQkMpFd37XLlrVq1NDkPiqaf7IxQsPEQZCRHucOpW0o930R5YXT-yrq-OPhSUuPjpVbiLFBeHEQWyeWXBQAEAAcAAA==
# ci.idk.i2p: antkos5hjxraxduyewoo4qwwr6vyceiggd562nctvmtpnfjsuqlq.b32.i2p
ci.idk.i2p=3q50NWUEiQpj3Qblk5PFZWJ4M7G9RiUSQ0flVQKuYyUb-JMmzSWzPIT8iJXaiWGo47cHHud3s01j0FTVdJaoahCC5ARpRdfSOVfQO~CwsFQw~a2z97K7MABn1oddn4x089z1nZ7nb~YI4OItnTncVM1GnVWT1ISKgEsUvAh7~XGysW-B~PPTxMBsKUXp6xu3qtWIY9tfOLsRaVz35w9SO8DnmGYwfI90NmEA7Z~gE7z~2TFiK1P46R4phlqKdArZ1UtVge0KScq8yuxui63MfTCGhs1iNzhhWPpFaLwA7uCpEvd~xUa~SK8Q-0nVjm02BXZskOwaMpmvTrtm8plaOXMh-0kNpFHSMzSfwW1Bpw74I6Q1DZtXi2kYF-4~4-eiHF0pIg6hWkr9jGBVLF-nNI4iytKkP94VazYyjYIKY4dHNwlGX1U3zkbx31tuz7JG52EhJboMl0-VeTsQkbTIXZoGt4CA3vhXS4PSkJL-dWtBKKHZCKxZQk0-pb9-J09DBQAEAAcAAA==
# cipherlist.i2p: gbm4kiotqjqmklwsp3qibdtn7mhatjsyeebbb5zxwjlp6w22fuga.b32.i2p
cipherlist.i2p=oWWUR7HUkxTKpqcDN6q1NA8gvRIyR-89MoDg2QHO7kyLvzZh4saZYj2T1PPz7eFXsamQOtk-Ow4OUz7a9eqWs1Q-~nzc2uq~x4UH4wWRjter3y--iEvfZ~be2voZhP5ohdU3X5bmfu~cmPHVxlIHcLgdph36EKGZ19ZmBjCD7no4bqBWyDMfBtJrr~ZAXcmSBmQEo1M87sYjitgy29AjIgxCmZ38RJ-kCLtXoKpZpDaOVFeehdnHRQV5Xds4foGk6H5wb9fbBGoHqLaDdxHP2OBMbVyiv9BdBqO5Gqvu-OiXhIxk7TkO130lWkyPanlKYADf2MLx3XPyRbCEFwPkxcjqgw1aoDZjnzN--jEPHbExxcmHQITowt-TrTIU2eE79F2gUrkOij~GtQDq8VAWO-Fe3yq-3Ma4yzSKEblAcGkFK1Q4CE86jB6FKyyrvkHSqAuQAXf4Tzd3vi40aHi6Cgv~8O~pt8tRJl7IdAuvapjl-9gSZGhs0he-BD4zz3HZBQAEAAcAAA==
# cloaca.i2p: pnsyl5plmmwuqfvpg36cbvvhe6mpoy2j5zzemfb5sfbpvklyozta.b32.i2p
cloaca.i2p=GJyOgxJ46iDIWTWcHAoo7~LCUpB9I59Vj3RH8qXln-KBauvDPQe~eSu~AH2m5m31OV6uLx-hVqY1p3tjy~-LIY97HIjbi9Rz0k-f2diAC4ngoKrzyu11ovQ3nJg75R6esTBewB66L5eGXlVGL1Ka9KogriSDec8sblWZzJx673WFM8ZZHqlS9wfPLJvk-GMt1FyJSE1Z1DeqBmSQRmQhZXpgtA3PZVVBW89GoDBdyrIoo7mTAfrVRnOWmYogIjuGzGk~cvRoIPjlB1oUVZlTnFCllBK0tG9AC1E2YoA0eAtnfsmu55UfOJ0k6kOvpppvAy9CTI3MHbDWs-GW6~QOwbBM60VnyzBfJYROPKf7r2CV4cZ1sbQKVAr1s6NE521Jddqzz0~b8hIJvcd~qKj~c2~D7xINExV3kETmxh7TsfW68bwNnaFF4tA02o1qKx2iZY3rCQYG9Z9Ld9Ziz56jmbdrNrMNt7hl2GxGkoc1MqLTbco-bK7cz2Bt049vPCUCBQAEAAcAAA==
# closedshop.i2p: 6fg67mbw2okopzyonsck4bsy3cy7l2fame56uiysr2cezhjhzdbq.b32.i2p
closedshop.i2p=lyY-w-dF4YnT9x-iQNkHmuJnjtbB-rqdVPIoRPxcyz0nc1tQjb6cgVTY~3IOEybrYM1mWevNdqR~B3LZ~fy8dvgTB8cp-zWkf83-BwZiwf9W~4Y34R20sBkyPsfYiD-plDqr8JoTm-SH03e5j9wqg9vh0dHmpHeGG348YH-vkA4l4fQyKXorVrW5vMRSTXvcNpzDU-6IrG1Gyn3EfoVuNu0tJv2dzm2R45CJmtPozRCfBt776Y6VIQ1HnBRwQjGANjd6DPMP3CJDM2aTp8IkQsj02yAwR8wq-BQhMTiBvmLgVns8ylCKEJuPRQMaPKRtEb64qRmX1oxHsby6WWH4xDwZgAjs1Qpqe~qAu4f8AFHny1l9uhNBfZrPnvb4iScMmu6BputERR7FLm8a8KJaNBk70dxJSYw0v5JJ-pbKj2cOpeTR61oWdF2MmFgaFCqBhTLl91zaNI~vi2nALkcuxfQ3thRQaLlXxIQ1KdarS9Rfe6BLpKk36syi9e-Xuj5hAAAA
# cnav.i2p: 75ryb74dz7eua42jras6hfleqkvw2yx2izphqdp3z6jbxedjpmyq.b32.i2p
cnav.i2p=jFO0~TiNcHrtnOQDhr2kht~3DVRGQVMvkY~AebOUb0I9JAI3GQeh5JS4KC~9Bt7m9wltlL3v6Q8oD3Ufxju8~4r~-4~3pb-tjE~BvJ01n6VPG8Akw6IGPMy-7u01dXBEIO245vOg3~jWdlQVVWdB9A77E6XvJtHqSZZ29bVL-OYnRH7ycrwHt~jLY98sUMgk6dUzTavoenXeL5LLIFtqDSGzJRChdHBGqs6uHVUzzvMwmzgLdXf4SZ48h2Usa4F7N~G9IEaU~LaLkxo9bvk3XZ6YSuPBPOfkcHB-5blEt52mc9Ssecr8fbuyCHw~BDpDgXWaS1frWFOZEBLEzxJhizI540wh2mEg4b6tnEBK1CIGXLWrW-Fk1JGE3cxOd19eoJlopOKfd8fQC7oxuEmRW7czrK7GoWaXHJAr0QlLU9OmOMBBPHwwD6HlrqcHndjZG--1YBpP2rp3Tpi5C3Bg3rprFau060a5a9l2ioXo-pIDGx~RYJu5biEbOMEMT81qBQAEAAcAAA==
# co.i2p: 3mvo5eifcwplcsoubtvqkzdahwo2sdhfygfdde7lj2glybk4q22q.b32.i2p
co.i2p=5mrEyUDUkRq~xz8-mETSooNWAsb0-Uir5bqs6V3c2qjLj4EviMGxg8TdIr74i0AIMDdUocwhp3QgUAzLvTPpBiCDBr5~REorK87PBZh8j-qe6LTttbVbmjB9K3TuWrcKHWwMn2RhxalwxZWXBzBR8LzrAxGmcoRBT-ZpW5DyyO9TLTCmy7qIc393CEvdbXjlSjSmeLUli6GyAHgFWmX0Kv5oM4nejKPBZbiLcQrCsYAmdz9IqG4pWJy8JegM74JOOu9OMfRJAH0GYYNSeiGclaG45TzSdve9Ox345edyqNIF9Utf1zku7B3dVK~mDQnqSW0IWHVZaQ0OQp9igo4GQnMqHaEx6ZYLPSMJQqkVBP2eLag9gMcRWO5tQMDbF7G3ZExWGkbxMZkNQ0rWkHOmAGYbgrA~dHwNYsRCts3t7YV4OEb3s5axJHYNKbMQ6391MhBrYmonFImwWWBHo0qcdPlKEuSY4RJqrS8vm-Sqv9gyXHSPv1Zv9eKElnY8J84mAAAA
# cobalt.idk.i2p: m63cbwomq4e4q6df3n6idnuveqa4yastxnls6kacseuutrp5um4q.b32.i2p
cobalt.idk.i2p=rQRsa3RnQyuYUmvm3u6ta4-0eljfGKsgG~eNgRns6cpZROof57ToxvKYpZ7ymVMoKBLQ1Tg4OoMPhmXWaaJNzqJjjfOkfLWarAEoVeXCScHURuxAslc-TFsaUC1FH8bJDB3m~6L5VhPVl86~UTtZQnhUEmD3BLAnc3G4UpLyKv9tPM3AcAwhCLIkya2x-Vhvjhm4o9okE7xmEbMvFcsCea3c6aNcoXF29ij2Ppo1mKzecRplfAAlwelgd27TKQLjLSiYadZP8eB9ctdBpq8vrpDUDdaJHlacsvgyRVJKU6h-vZayP0MJINwpMroDWTnDRXkEJj-wlDXI2PiwoomU-QleHDq0KKdgZ7QCMuusYZ0~I9RUwxzSnnqGB8vwqRnnujgmk2jcQQ7CfaZ8YeEzSutUosdegH-VGD-K7vuAmMneyaYFI3t-uLV-EyUXwdeZlgCfbJG0jXbN5X4GtJEDMkE-HjhVdRpaDY0jNsOYGXw7e0UjlovCYPkEgQXlH2QPBQAEAAcAAA==
# coffeejazz.i2p: mrt55kugqimzxeittpwwjwznejs3b3zxcfht3hp6dlujetyqh5ua.b32.i2p
coffeejazz.i2p=gIQQEuNfuaCBYzHISf8s0Kp5cB1xmwSoRut0SpP~9EAHJepJOhIiz-FMzWdTdOEtuMDx90B4gCFZkldasaL~UCl-or7cUL6SgeHdgFNylcUGtOPF~Xs9XuFdZYOyrPHPi6bmt7zVxJC~XSRICrpZmErVd3m3u98uo6CfyfYZFOPaOaS9RCJRT3rUyEaaoOlx07Nu-impZq798gr2Gc8oXM9IDRd6er1r~~jIQifJNw0QCHlu879AxDOI6rVD05UuRaWbfzPzoa~2mvZCSRnWyU2wxZsgv2-DkjdEx--fn9x~M~v8qwyP6c2vhU0-w2H2If~MVL1k9RXG0Rbhp3zs68xtnWO89h2q~GrE9kGFiPNARULfVV-NFXiJzX991kewDgVDnCHLelVPdlRpYB4jvu~xV0V3C4PaHdhJWvGIom24YP0~ZNb1vkeYFipF4U0RH2q1F9Ak7nu4E9VXoMr19Awm30WT8ku1HnLDbigo9QL8Bak3yWvQBCMGleRZBz6MBQAEAAcAAA==
# cofob.i2p: srac56l4oue35pbnibzk27eztkkk7pljbqoyshnwnmdct2t6avbq.b32.i2p
cofob.i2p=pazXEQEl2GbDiyB-vF~OA10COd7s9CCbEs-bgocBfWGB7WQXRtRWHzY~T3hPYzy4icomEYgDzfUNr9iH6GhpKNr79FEP54cqsONGCpv1JdP2JDhF5WS4KKboSUlivKTGqNKen02~qXZuN3uJp~NOkn3SRhdcWz~OF1i2NNclwQTcS2piFbarXVfQXkIv2YXxjAQSVbo8aV-iQpmLbQsxi15E5woMxuZHJ8ZPJtcKvSklAxsOye1PRNUuquOaBCYWHo8H2eXcdwUFPxc~CniHNsjPPHN3~QV7SoCZkgqRkLUE4VQzgGETGzudRcSWjpNGN8ADXnVCVVC-wBVAnXq9B5fnvRPh3hDpVLKvQ3Q9pIl7oPdG3z0einn9RcgmQ-EuWikUBCC7U6DY~ir8dPNYi7yrZePlIEsII6MebvXcSLraYFuAkRDpbfuhRSiFMNVEwAAw0eyP7N-QommFszKQgKQi30Kexl-88edTyWS4rcOtx-RNyn331CKakNr6EV4EBQAEAAcAAA==
# coldhell.i2p: z2kerfik5dzqd2kj74cuhhtptkrizsblc5nm6ke2gcnj5mnwgwja.b32.i2p
coldhell.i2p=djXk442coYv-D6VEMLamRA0wojsMaznnStwvjRW~HwieKlAA0POzq7D0aaWFnO38ktsuULSsOkD3RaRpDBjHKkJNszKFW41jNSkeyP~76rKeFFy2FStUT8n4yfyDz6RcCbgput4rBnTcL2ycLFkEB5AovYNJ98rFeqB3lZPULKDEECw8ogV445IVYlraPz6D51vZ0V3xBg9yxyTLXqVNAukKKwnE3wwPvaJDlAYoa56YMSOItdCbWhWJf9tPWxKoHBw7HJDQsKbOezqlFyX4DxPQPbrnJEmp2KvWUewJkZ2ll12u-xrwDBGbHWLZzXMg67zWlLeVThagjcBDny3BalxECZDBW5iicODKH-g7eRHcb7YVq~9fsIRGcGJdRRyHIbYhyGvVC8PBS5krZ-Xv3weOf8f-46MJ0iRahPS5XaXyLgXKFup7ZdxAI7gi048ccntIKcd4aBOTLSYXrwNXUC4RMIb4AYJ70O1PdYPUNtV2ej5IiTg-jkWJ~vUbPxqMBQAEAAcAAA==
# community.i2p: 64luakopnvffchxnibn3d2p7uqxixtyuallfqfgifkkcmfcrczxa.b32.i2p
community.i2p=x5JzSg0D42fdxdoGylMdHnv0OoBwuR7p02oGL0GKygAiJoIhf1CO8KRM~1~0W8SEtotYk8Eh~1MwwNKW36qmiLKdXdpqO82YB2XIgj6tOnJKtAgtCxf1z4RtbJmrnVhRGvjZiQkwHYToIehh3r1ws4pn~51XeF0fyyyqJP9y7mxkhdXBxLNR8wCh3RXh91z8AayMsE2dqfWe0xFC-RpxEwjqH5WNfc8pkmzuww8MKzGm2G1UuAUkxnOVFNQfjRBJrnP0QrMTP26CirEi5JbgOKkjqfdHxQaAuGtu1ct0ONBbwhueEBa5ddjXNK1kgqq2vJBrAYjImAJsf7gmVUtaJHft3gNDl~-QJwpzAGy5je6lx8qr4jRFMesmpB4LG-1uAVjehIzyDQguJZZj9ii~CTAlvsYv6c6zgKsrEIqijcP0ga2hA2LM6-iUU5hEC~yodP7zJnq6jzU-7TP-9Q4Z9YqYQv~8IqZhOZQdTHAXAkWplS-pVUaceI7m32Rbxaz7BQAEAAcAAA==
# community.torproject.i2p: wmw22z5c24b35hlepzc2g6k3cpcg44rcg46qdwfo5heiplv7m4ca.b32.i2p
community.torproject.i2p=EFQPM45U1cJuanjLEFbCEZUnIt52nGli2IdpGFCHFunCPo1wx7bP6RJ2mmjv3VD4iiuSA~JXiYSS66CO7C-3XyiHoIo~Gelo3INQV4KrY-J4KliUUqQRCYKT9Qle-vWMMwutIy0CnOPZgYCj7S0yWN~i-nJnxvszH4Y5wWbrry4WrlZaQtgTE1G2uvWsjpJz0tj3A9POHtVkkpGq91E0Al7x8R5cTi9hr~ee2xWIostiqUPGyNoh281Y5sQX8oyElUlXBIO9Vdbis92kD9BFvrEnLhnmaZQNkixgEIIAExlXNqxZRPYOXcZ1sxiNbgN7qS8k5BJpRkERw3NUQ3WGYzqwqUpHyY0ah5KEvaIhVpnVLG8W-lrju74VGOF4vJtwyjdxiYlciO4M7cL97BYI1HKq4~H9rdIhKuVPL9jtfLcCCIXFFlqYsIjSI5V7JyYygpSjMPbhwlhaOSaFNw7KGy6WxKn95uT06PCofUFUGtZzUUfHcF0wl4-ZrWCnOWL8BQAEAAcAAA==
# connect.i2p: ne23xm527p3o5ondmypgaonzcgx7fa7zgy7s3agwtn4w4awl55oa.b32.i2p
connect.i2p=QRoBwskZUfjG9-tL4-V8S5QyQ5fGVxRocc-TU20eZNaEile51D7fx-F7~ywuUwnTeDmwG1RdytjZk-yIGKNB8c4fBLk9MsLyDT5zgR3Tj9N779b1eIqUgBn3Tu2Bc-Hftrm4la17lZ1AkX3PbcPty7L01yWNyOhmNW7FF5~DwjIHOZHkiS8fTIrUEbRwr8XRzyUYwcG51gfVxkVOeS5PpzqCDXGEqVkC9vIdW7NY4zFg4UksISPOX9UEEmIit7G4GVZ7c9B-MWhXi-xEWKjyBRKphzb-9Vz6PlbBgDQITBHLgC1Ex6sczRjbGqwI3GpvF9Smw1REVZm6YroQVfaCtLyAeF20AippummxOY8lrGIwKH-uJv6UMWtudG2bDAlJ~zQf0kyV6K6RtSXHhmKAG6ERgNsdBvvohjOVDq5INQUaWhPQhC5JxeWEhdzXnRRW5FswUiBBq6QP3g6c6aoqskyHzuZqPUGYc~~wxIFNWVSQEKWpGwhZuGXlLOYEtvY5BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=uXu5eh0yclXSon3R1JpJJJslICroYbcV9fp3NH439uhpUFDcWdc002YCXmGlEoN8zQxDJT1JjNSdFWNp4BBHAw==#date=1626561578
# contact.i2p: rn5hqxierph4eegft3hiiqkgn2zyyfgj2c6pq75bkahl3pu5shvq.b32.i2p
contact.i2p=iUJD3wB3QPsYBOGD8eAwdScR6Pyl-ZQzo~mUEuH8gIZd1viZ-rKaKGM~BfcLbBq3wzVF-LIXNjSxbalSQ969L54Mlh4Q~I5WHPC1y4nPHwyDMMWF6MCaYVLapz5ZOXI7OwIJfQfmxekMoYl5ygEUeBtvGIcA34EjD15z5EPop33e67O1WTJkUcMA-JdksN56J-apY3KCoKX-rbdp5chDyKiYiPQOK5cHrkaR6OhsZqGcB888DH3NwFQKzwI6Pxe9p~pJINlePrzzNrYZzKrHErS~g92x7sn2wesJdAFbWF4KjQ-iIJJSuWtYeZl14bFyf5SH4rE2hQIIQByvoFlnqDIDZXCVDP7K44ayXxHoK8-8mL0Qx4XugXtJxBc6BEg3636MZBhPTWEq63aS-QCvTHMtJpkc4FlOVWgqueW3Ksja6EcYGcHW9FVMsuE7NBCkS9W0mIAjr~UF3MmGkoP7iaiCmL5mdJvAEE9N5vjgduALH-LFg5D8s-uvCHuSnBIgBQAEAAcAAA==
# costeira.i2p: abhty5xlmnyab2kqdxcd56352kcescxoux3p6dbqdrghggyygnxa.b32.i2p
costeira.i2p=ezSXivOT~eUGj9ZGNMiXNRGzGDO2PeOpAftoLNBBjM5-J1qJMpwNWXSitOMcoPRgrreg-BlKdbtzhLzb-4y3jGVk8OyBWY-EW20Y9H-4vGQqXmkialxV5LyOtcbFvjdUHNXYBWWV5RE4F9pZ-6SGUMjugodjJZLaRl56zlTjGuHPFRQ8s7q~q41pggcsoBRfhHslit37bHNAS8XccxlzksnvP3OYgzfQUeK2PsupDEHcLes-6~xKrqVRi6EHlhGlvGCQR862L67d9HTF3LEtC4mZyeedExdxnwiBz5eWuhD3aif-dNvhWFfQP9~Dyt60xdMZHlVemp5A5zvZn79NfGvjYZJiroAeGjQTwGhxBttrq8pZNre71QYwRKjeBboMxu9~PsHqqH-tLXYk4ecV7-KhyG0eSYhy3tevJX--S67bFXPMrvQfMFFO193I7ODlLzycC0EeVG-rh5SWiqANdH8FK8IaXZI6bCE6-qsS3kKDSW~S0NL-LCAb5Lc645XgBQAEAAEAAA==
# criptopia.i2p: p4xv4g4zt3pwl7lynfydlw2sbzqbgwwcyw5qypxzg52fscl24s6a.b32.i2p
criptopia.i2p=LWyFkth8m4IE6dTD5ZyCvabOyMq03vxbqZ9jZUaJlPMaHGryoa4JmXe-AeIrNs-7m62xojBHp8yd-buG1jVn0YBvi0Gw1YK0uTVpsp1wVrNqOGivueTtbJfa1gEgJOek4dNZ2K3AVMB-yyTFa4DjQek9pXo51Q6tltt-AzB~~4sdy9d40PV1gTQk6PgdNyt1w91ndLqQmLfNXurMPMbpNxLXJu19HQkKkS6mzcecdv1cNEaFVuU5LVbluF5bEz3kpmH23GQ5UlXg95ha7KmKqFvkafbDYoOD3LpM8VirVWNCFI~xBqi3zLRA7eNYfc9j5TfJDub~PTSudbk4rHjJsSrQ-rzWl0VhTmE~~D4VyfW16h9z6XtsivMxONl0B~4yGnhCtEzj48Lx~4cNi3kdWSs92jOXt8LYkJ2mxUxpfqPCZMupQX7zwYzRpn~Mnr9SFDXGazeokK41VmEFbP6piSU0GlbxTozEuZIYppc9LlQcoU42uSijbRNTkeQHaMHzBQAEAAcAAA==
# crustyirc.i2p: 4ygmttynho5k32vfm64urriqx2vj3s6hkm52jwv2vlwrynu4z6iq.b32.i2p
crustyirc.i2p=4whGaEuh5L7jJXMvdYE5CWn03ukfloJ7BZ0080Q54k7gKFk3yMg9b9FQ~SXzLMou5LsSQZY0zFa571xCV8qlMBiaJIm9nzwiJlScGuMfFn13GNT31CqTnK8mvNQf0pLmT3ERuNztRtEMPwvYnqZOwnsEmczCwCq2e8yP2T8Su1YnhOgQTHfBwSoMDb~1~OP~EprAIqY9frgpCGzI2KPIU9vYRSzdTJx8ns4OVAEkSQ99b4sj1NzVB0sZuarEh3rzKUQ0BnEvnPZl9ybtgtevwl4z4WsJlrPOwwHMGl9hgoXVyWX37xxP8YsWvoy99QP2zX5FTuJUUiG7RcLH8xfFu0DgF26ZIAfyoFlhlyz2Bxv8hk6ALuu82bRwQ~SFGP0JehL6aqzSw6YRwU4K0eXI9QyBSulXuDwhrdi3Q-TT7INgL2ZajGGv4bOKjVTDdkGo-e10On0mPCziTuMHQ6yNfuBNc2~VFAmcUxUkBRYTi31e~23TmyObjRhM~JyFX5L2BQAEAAcAAA==
# crypthost.i2p: zywhrxtnkjc3rxxvxbocom7ml4hnutomgtuvqrwyf3rhuupnq5ca.b32.i2p
crypthost.i2p=hlNc7gscHvpk5BCTTPsz9cMpEvrp1rk1X258sPWuuHI6eY~ZHrfSiALWDrxp3aL~ORof3lL8UIHqMXn-0HPcvnDMIvq2eXUMhE0vguv1Az1FbDFB2-RXpTpE1RN0nRnmeB-bWQfhVyMA5UwF~5d-BIqQDC28HmllccW6LnuW7wYzLrEmaEiqIh~fSyMaIYY8FyA~nUB5iTynwccKVcZG3~Ru2~AojU-CSha~OTGZVBmJX-jbKOICNhYLMBK2-UxScV92H4RhGaDJwHVio7VLWL8p~mlFbXoFamB1c2NBRewXMZS0qoHWXVEwfRY~BgHrCxcq57htHaPz7O~tteOAINbuh8MXAw6xcKNIplrFuaQvnM4a0LGQgsPWE76YOKOYE2QVSE9My6NL-ChG0075QrJXTwR22VWkuOOu1LnxIGiWQcNbmQ4KiI-qFv8TSGTIAcKVcXK2sK8mCKaP94okIbkuxdouK6w5JZHQKcFSYANJlHlDmOs3Z9YfxAWeB6DUBQAEAAEAAA==
# cs.i2p: kzaeunogz6s75ptgy6ifjzwwy75xdfenenswvrczd7mewxgrad5a.b32.i2p
cs.i2p=7uevkwUdl6dOMMJDrpQmJ5961vGLFtNMpXXezT4GJUqlDLe5HbXV7mzXf5JHUvH0G037YCTHGE8hVLFEpQP1-T-QQzYP1a26AEbXVV9Q~BhzGsoQqd0PaS-ngonP5vCksGfxqTSybWJNEzNYuGvF5BR8JgL5tKrgPfE53g673QkCNnSDUYbv-EWUk1G0mMqb4lFTGyTWjyYMURU7uQtG5woJyCDTHyNLWU7o2ToS~qQU~AC2uX8iHoMNP4Hv6OFaZV~s6F~H~2PMmgjtae0WM3znQs7eaOqUxdCFYRBZY5I~iKvsdYvkWhsLDh3ukZvLMVBX4-fBfPnoARYkhLVUAUENPtvwyqvcKzOyb7T2uQITcmfJLunOpLZr-dM7Lg15tqfwQBy3xJw07nwqPDDrax7ZfsljMATOiireOsHvMJuw535f2VPSCIO-kSry6usezWcpgxQ3ghNrW6ra~8mFGt2DhYQmSzMNPxlOEJPyPUIIaU3rf8TOjQBjVw2MFGT2BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=6Zu3kG9aucLwL5LZnxtL8mn5FD6uPu8ls7hvvc6zjzhxiKECLUxI5TKNdJ~sbdDvYOdHaCEI2-S3EbGsNByUCA==#date=1558078358
# cube.i2p: ek7ts65pofxqqkovjt2mbnzqae576l7ci7534wc7oxui4by4l2aq.b32.i2p
cube.i2p=D9YjFyHax6-HxC8nrtKLOUsAo990tx-MttajRcGKI~EtE3o84p1VWPLmy5xDqsyeJSb9hfNXJoNRsPgevs6BSkgj0cJkIZf-s76sdelcXXsIVEY5hzgBzNWXf5KTCXVOnD0dK1FQv0MQPZR6IPlgex~Jy9VMqVEh3C~u1TNucQtFT3gEtI0-UpA5Ep79P9yv70WTqsOFU-zU-nh2P2nJz0M635dhvXupSgUl5w~oUqWrIAJ8TQuBFyXe7SupX4Wtk5UEnq8fzK27EJTDaNSamiTeLxrYw-PkQ5loL55BmZw6VV5QyQL1rGJJULigDtuN7t9YdS3h~7S-CJeUGfunvMzRtKJljQh348cDtlbc~AJ44mp37VbLMw9coR1xmxBZIf69YpVRo-rBwpMKHisdWmxni~~TvG6cpUqUHs72meXAKwWVfHasFJEfBwmCnA1w6DtNSt8k2DsIyBhNNXeJ6VoYtvnUlQ0WonPAO9MloL18OOh7sdD05uKbuwKElRYWBQAEAAcAAA==
# cyberia.i2p: 3jrfzgnetbjwnyrua5jpyeqk7gb6dgfw3hu5q6lyggnwqhrury5q.b32.i2p
cyberia.i2p=-1QDVRA1yU7CRsRdy0VplEqeZV7bPTWmClLba~ZmiDAQbS1koNjMnxKwuuw0yLgGbEQv6YPETybmPoN94kRKjeNCz790~HIsYi-gfYzlpwvsSRKOKw~KBoSV~gh-igNgwGBvwBOIwdfwoAzejnOjdna5JsB~r398cmlAjxmY3ezTIn4DXS4yeTCl8M6xuvNrDwD0gVa2VPiclgmlOhnFnzr1kFFFltOxJjh2f1nPUHcm6wsXeLNuLf8OIzqHhwKgbi3u6aAr8M-SGfV16cTFbT4G7FGo9c56kqewNNNQAHXEs2lod7wTST8ET8kQQjeSpo17PB2RsydQGRiSaegTEugZMaQEXzcLF7RFlRKyrJvj~v4CI35yzB-lT889-59z9F3deBUjnG7pBiwvGuvKu8BDONddR6P2U5sJJIhW1yXjy5zeRhBYd3QNCHE2Jz-qpqE6vAulX~UTnsr61MVrj6TpZwFARvic7hP71ft0s5VTnjcysrS1y26GBAisfhhZBQAEAAcAAA==
# d73.i2p: uf6madmg2fv7uo25cjnvzpimd6iflsrozyemuypleyz46mxbyreq.b32.i2p
d73.i2p=gTWif1c9zU~W6Cd42Qcr6bi89k2p~e6PBhSdXxCf1RNtm0OCtayKk7TPNE8ihjnKACbUWB1HEelTtot13JreILf6ChAGhHth9Ewg1Q5f1sltIopjVuRK1es~s6VYv7cytX1CjuQImS3isfp4QKHZ2PIkz7F6z9~HzjndnfFpOhPjeXH0RczPmviDtBp09poMd6L8qb3mxvY6WNHghD5OOZPfYdB-Cjl6TA5Sg-Xz3JbcU-5PotRlaVTFZUSa~128q63sHefw-B8crNjP6fgXdKNm-JpaR5f2Yrn7E5w3rcvSK9JK5fW5kf9xxXSPAQDn--eQD~k7G3LzA8qhENJtaIrNSWSWGYh7csXAWOI5GZ-ZTcED5oOpnRDL55m9U2aELptIsfyN6P~prZGMKYrFJL5TY79dallHXw~JLfhi9vPQS-Yf-AyFLdNCd~zmgmP8dMClohe9zdqyVD-z65V3FFreSHfpNtudqQfI8f~g1SmB6zU1WHXw8IwtfOgedOyLBQAEAAcAAA==
# dallasprivacyinitiative.i2p: 2vybsac7v6cmk2rkmoieiwa4kymbmnnpsnyymfquechr7vk2bzhq.b32.i2p
dallasprivacyinitiative.i2p=6zc5US6NGHnsBBqisjHa94PxJHR8cMOyF1g8GRmFSStTc5vUu3dgRPwBfaBB8Bd9AeSF8O-dySATzAMIcvDmvx~wdR-tVKkqp95WHnaZbW-7WGbNcvZF49cbIksoiisKZJHYuuFhZkTqETEYZyK9WPgvwN6QYfcNG-XK53fQ1sI~umVRwkY9y6VYUOlcvdfaujqBxLLKpveg9orZqwel~Z6szELz~SIGuNlBQpL~I0Mr5bkxBAnHnIpkV6M4bZglxqN8Pqd8pRJJ41CWI7qe3cvoGVyWFs1cn1YguFCjTpTT~FVOgBdhRZW2zUvCQ5wtRxoAkGONbIxIjQ47Eom~-NmxzLj5IfVIyZOqKSR4s-PcbzAkmAKYH9MMXiELG-Hx6UNx5Jop7WSTvITqWk391ex7HA9WbdejKuawv1f7QGwkhajLvyAHswZkWTpWHQ6QkAeL87K3p~NAM7b2HDAECvlfFWdblRAAo0ENBl7~Xd6xqFOZsp~y27zdEfQ0eh6XBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=Isub-3FB1l~hnF7D~qX0w6WNLTTd9HShYR-IGHfbqU-P~7dbTcUqeweoJz63dOnAZfK6-4IhAkQRtlqxaU2PCQ==#date=1627405999
# dark-net.i2p: darknetqzyvtr4m5ifdqb2mt3qscjbeguhvixqjiuffa3enpd64a.b32.i2p
dark-net.i2p=WKy7oRX20Z~-UQL~pbbnLduaNBCuLHAuEKyz7i6GoaIxXAEaoEBHybUoSQ3n7K3t0fWVkvQ0n9u6e6t0jUXfwJ~MKf8pa4Mw-6Yvp9dHaCvC5OER1bj91sxQ74jYLmQ9GiCayneijOB-CBhhir~ntt7IYLxdEiQeeXsfp9JWwWB8ax7KAL4DeM3khj1TBFYbi9PVlMm9njQaKpzJv1fwufv~OUi5psp620DAfUL1xlLnkpgvzdU~QmfNmtIpLmHwETVga0U7ZQSTHSCzB6o5FsjbDw~P5eLxg4HtGvy~GM9CV17aoWV9MvPqIrovG1WUT1VoV7kbrSX37zah7nWE4LeB8vA~~zve9alCzh5NvgSL4xSzK-bwHWrhcAfzDC9Kge7L2gPJE7O5Buk~ECYt7ym4wVPi7O9pop0EEaA0sT~BLEbnRLLP1b49SlwlXbcC34JJJc7CpPf0MNmyKSe7qn6AXQ50Yf~tehSwCdrFWzeBsNMxZLIDc78JAb3nvuUgBQAEAAcAAA==
# darklibrary.i2p: ynv2cgboxkpcyap6hqnbycgj4khyxppxuqjbidkdfhjifkzwdhfa.b32.i2p
darklibrary.i2p=FxmPC3i82fHO6kdBd7I5cHz3VPwsq166uMs6vyF4zF2afoRV0ptoFwWXqKXSfHF0KjKSoU0ymvYkAOLnZBL75isD4g09qxn--xoq2OaQ8fICBac8wJL9E7mY27FNrnKbH~x6zPWJ43xi9n4g1wn28TMymYFahPo08WXfsEf1SEx1wP3ev9TLNjiSivrIr25pOes~6Qb56bne6OYyjgDwjzBBUD20VuUqUgb0Uh07AZikrwW48-N0-syR9YkXgwqRCbmCGRfXIj7WFNFWN5b6emkKEqg0LcqtPdZelO5mriM0Vz96eRsNgqldHfMIQRo6go-pqonq-VZKoSaZBFUFWhMvdm1DNa~Pzjy1Ei6cdvkZ-9ObnGxSewGeQPl8pHzpZm1wXg4Y--l8MUqk-A~v1PRmm8ra8nvA0WBxI8nb7UjMbZXH61eyMeVAFpPVZ-60FYaUmxmiSwpl8uUPRDPX9Uk2gVg6IzTcB7gL6eNLC02ehEShtc1zoTxf6Jn6~nzCBQAEAAEAAA==
# darknetnow.i2p: gkx3o5fy7mv7l4psqqnhp35d5iun7rt3soci6ylf3rgb7a5a655q.b32.i2p
darknetnow.i2p=aozkKBxhM3teaA3bdvI9b4PlzCN33dXv7lExm3moA4HseCqFFy63SiYbpApg7YppLnnb22lrLbPoJnBCfhtzN3Qxm5e91hIAMw~V05vjOuXipjsz4lUTn3INX9UN2saHfVArv81aXfAiMtCmb6o01Fed9GwHnE8wRTP9i8e-cxZafly35J4GE1LYAQl4e-V66fXVfFG7ov~4kQi6PJpuiH0Cgz4MT5Wy7qD0pDfFrxmBthT6z-4j4ut5Fr7HdOe4GEFO7T-cQeZ1395PKbzMtngGt~Coq-~Pp2YcPy2d4qKVnhmoFW0l4NDxwYIO1bfkpVFRhI6yWtqZzjCgDV1bXUX8mjgRkxTbfMKf9aaozT89l-vBkg8o9uMMGLMBb0~T6SHnDzM8evpxctiYASQsOSuSLbLeAyinsXxDf-ZUL6jNCo190jdyzXTNVlUNZ-PIcjpnavF6o3dNEIvY0TV9gjua67yg43~RjkV5unrPig-l9SEu5L-DPA2cDrVKFIlUBQAEAAcAAA==
# darknut.i2p: 2mk37gtvpk2i63o6vl7vna4dr46rqexxetupgn5efuuins7x3qya.b32.i2p
darknut.i2p=JQw2bYGHairDTZDRapdDiUxk6uLTB3D5fYpIOmXaG0z2BOPw0tYDj9Oh4i3FkbAhWS3cgOCwWEIs-TRrjC-hdvLsEeRvV0MFoSAmFDyZYvPWE0IMdkIf3eTihWXXzq7t1xVcHRH1pf~GjbGXYo33Vnnrgssa-eZzZZGW7KHNHN72q8p5sNJ2A3Rr6Uw6SkHC6mJ4qP-jiX32syFXxnW1RCpr-iu3pQsnqCuCWWNC5WlzHzo7QqY0v-CMLzt6F8EOrw9Y1z9~nndS4XJt421WQD2X1KY-hKwR3TaVRR6pcSTZ4XTpJ0RKqhIwOyQm8MdYVZtsIY6YdOc8peBWO9AyY~a9Nm2dJTPGOQP0eTEXnCm0aH6~nPX3J67pYJxl10Jikyy9N0byOXePFcRMFv8VVJZ2NRzVgYnFy-aTIjDCAySWMrRoFacd~vZUW5E4vbwkRMqLx5qjV0QGJV-9yGLxzmrFfXcudABoPMXEvZSwRJcxIneinEBs3GrFRmW-QubJBQAEAAcAAA==
# darkrealm.i2p: gbh4eerxdsph7etxsxznfhvmuiz54trlkenakqep343u4xcoekzq.b32.i2p
darkrealm.i2p=9iFRMfgJpy1zoamm0tFU-Da7RIcsOkp7~BuxgP~8BjQQhJkKRHgmNr3EM8jbNTGpHjJwXb9WVmUx~Q87b4Q89rMHIBRklPQ8TlEFyG~8wXsizGz99T70EXUW-xvgqoXMWRbVSlFhc3vTLHOfU7lEWZQ~Id9pWuOqv~-OCzzdFrddHfGzIL-jmljsDaPAgMkqENJO4a4nrFsHxSSjmz5gcJB6ce-Z9PtAKzEffcU8Gd74y-MHOrN9XBZTXGvgskkLBLuZ2UfLOR9YmRGlWceRdZ9msNvTiJu-5KWlCH-qgcYi6jI~4bCVWX6OqgBR8wFbPVlyTHimGWbXk-H6FFYbFfbz8ATAG54NYI3A4vpPtOvxCcaXwArUqAW~Pjeb6gFIwif-eWH-Jhdje9Y8zg8K~~sSXdR8VByO-Uj9Fq2ZfrLG9bXjJpLj1AKkjiRj-99UWDPXA2Fd2JHHLtR5N1Unuvflx6P6rSUqjeVgPfjPlHCHCTgoPL7kiGP7oVlqx9UCBQAEAAEAAA==
# darktech.i2p: nlkpudgmmgsdiemnbehq5llymdmxp6tn4rzjuse7nhvavr2kgkga.b32.i2p
darktech.i2p=T5CPMaiMVqyOSHZLQKVLI3MdD7zrVDLiwc6lhWjn7W~V~ai1Lv91Dt3sh8ekHKdJKLiMxVSBILgGvqR9EUt5yTT0lvzb9o28UbjYT0ym19V~r3lt45g02R69723vOzdnAmq~CBuIvh5l2a7pBq8fcpwDZ-5Oxb1fBMQK-VXMzFqycHepvy8WSmB5BOG9owhunc9HBL1r5d~IFqT5R~UyXNTxfKqUlSS~GU8FNiBGjt6cozr50MOVGfLX~tgTxrmFaw6W4PLoSgm25Urc-pOL4YG7utb590egMDijV9n-Nc63AwKSmAQZ2x-0a7k~AuPiDEA7LPMfg~d8tOOs2O2TO-9yZ5TN-mF38KjoiUIXgqIFRlmfcX4Jl3rI5cA4NqsRrM-ZY1lCZoDRdSR-i-o7Nq4Km-iiE3bluOiP7OgCCxWOMQgqM-8EfZCmhk6tulTRvCv4b7z1os7B1n3TL-wUnRk~mHMsrNcfaDlp1Kuf8vsbMYprVgOY-UrGuHX2D3RuBQAEAAcAAA==
# darrob.i2p: hz2xhtpeo6btgiwi6od4qj2575ml5o2246rd5orarruyjhd63zja.b32.i2p
darrob.i2p=q2A~EcvDJtqz3WVubtcfo8qf-v04-S39Ewfa8UdKRjeGxPOIMc8V7JF5I9SJt4NtPh7QsP2U3n2RHOwk7oGNeYfx50TTzjDgLQq7CRElmV0JuaToHEaYzcnJvGhOlF3WXOV~EIjkvjIx7TnfM6keLB2o4FptqaIrKHnHdgAgqqEsPE51KlPtcI5u8mvsPs7~Uc0p4NhXeN4qGwJf2RaCHqjBrqrx9LU9sjB1xfvPoYEtMqZDjiBRuciWxh2DGL3z6k2d3aSm332sbzoSpTk46YeVg4y0hDgxSBV~09q7uPU6zLvAwJja2ip6TxlG8JN-X~HYzzt-YYGqUTp5terGRXpXQhwsWGapOEONrlshnjjKgEufmxIfvEa9hnZ3Qlb4rO8rNj6aCQ1Llbhw-FA24UryxkBgehXPs3o9cLTLhhw~cwVAgjjDkzbzyeMtbdY~14JRYpW3EU7UNJe7d8hkcIk1LLDTFC9G3O8wxNLRVR-KHpwoduLv102ftK0l-PIAAAAA
# dashninja.i2p: dzjzoefy7fx57h5xkdknikvfv3ckbxu2bx5wryn6taud343g2jma.b32.i2p
dashninja.i2p=tsKvJ7mCaim-Oi2cYDOgCaokEfco0ejgZg1pKtl-O5Ih1jH~ou5KlZqPNYxj~gEHXJ8exobVNqLjb82DGlvjXBN6tvoAxzAa~eDtlXIZTilePIQ6bJmAn6zbLtAkcBAeTHGR9M1Gt-PWSZa1rN7o9UKmY~fjIghXQ4qTCcqSamLA4MrA2emG2fCWdR~td42ob15fnk2l7Ys~IR4AMkHneBYksYEGGPqMUAhq8zP2-H3MZBKZ5RUl13G0Y9U~8d2om5BKWvKCWQjWgAcy3S5ln1Bhzb2khtzbKOJS5kqUzuWdE6y81M7UJRURhVpUIwbKy3P3S3agworXgMVqDb-ugsPQNHxpLUCLUKWrR9NDxNfXps8WSzO8WLcqWkRGhs4-EXIa6oFooJgX7t7lxyDUcoyKdfv3KmF5ehozQH9dIxg2XIk4TmFVw0phVWauqt3BwW~M8qfffoUFJrKIAVqM3O4QCkjYzNVMS5dO~HCYdVm3S0yFf5oIOBWy9GODrz8nBQAEAAcAAA==
# dcherukhin.i2p: qa4boq364ndjdgow4kadycr5vvch7hofzblcqangh3nobzvyew7a.b32.i2p
dcherukhin.i2p=fx89beR~EXmdYIdNUBicHaIs2uLAuOEgrOt~U~rQnye3boUkFbC5fUtYxHwVCUDMzoMlinaMKEVUCUMNpTx3mtXXGH5TtSmLATVAlGESard35KHjn98w64BOnSwgzYa0CelQiXGOph4~D92IsoOL8NFdrx~zvBNhZXyEHdfiwZDPGP6L5TFI3QAoyPyNYxZlmW0BXJHqc5iSWoJjnFKdcdBqtjgoV80VYwzR35ZLWzhA3la9-MCsy6Fejyob~TMQl8icGTYjnCo3fEP4xK1AkmLMPJDrsdHA6FkCMlOc3MKibAdhEbocrB7mK22Ex16XC6tZZ1CcWOPvb4j99~X6BIu23oTIke3UYn9~fMUck7i4eZkECcYpopjdob9X3UmQ5b25XZnZdSQxf9jtaT8I5LKQg9ZAIcW68czjyrn79GiVHkExm4-4d1eHMz4nKjRXTp~kL2vzqqL5Ruc8RRLVTS7GD7OZQ5h9u-6LC9-HeBJe8uR4~nOMZiKdkr6eHoI5AAAA
# dead.i2p: 7ko27dxvicr2sezvykkrfiktlghx5y5onup3f2bas5ipocy6ibvq.b32.i2p
dead.i2p=FUHgNBnbLed1U-pi9fgbAstwTxs6wbFl3hTyWKLjLzHn5Za2dHAHla9vCN3FixX1QNGvMUOZcrqvSUC~bwkuejWrRgaf9zgN2~ju3fj0JlyH331G8ksk9vvWvkmqASWSH3nC9eHwM01cA2aKephEENPiyVRMb8P4ZI~Eq512L8rnYeCEP-wmZTfBN6iCUIsdV0dUyZTUIV-cuXlY8zE-Z03KdAG0FlZUYYkJJvZEmB8bpmnYSjgo6296SXhYk8bChF8CbRD-~KVGfhTDFUhUiGvDeQJRXQn5PSzbgAf9v8x-IQGR3a92VsG~3T1xu0g5Qrgqq7px51sASQoofoIJ0yRkh~LzfT6HlM~Oy9DK167SFV5p8rS4nk35Xz4q4uDXyy0sfqUETZ8fMnYJAl65rJOlZh-ymmOq1qCpdQjzPZQllAVVXkT4XR-y5e2ASCcxyF47XnEjTn1uIXxsB-Ovz2wd69zaWH2pA4QNWRVx3SL9NWMmYsSgab3tKGg3V-w6BQAEAAEAAA==
# deavmi.i2p: fh5r3hlkkwh7udtjeqmekmq4qd62jnjqmnqob5hm3ndiuo6lauza.b32.i2p
deavmi.i2p=nYdyAiI8zrmE0VoBEAT4jfUKXPNS0-fwGz6GIy4MUEDdxAcl8Q2jTJt8~62M0YRlhDwTM9zXbmSSXjERI~7xJMHXcheE2UiSOAlWx~y1LOTUI87C602yCmyDHf0vfWqMqPTbWDmesuK8i2st7p1wHB4EJky5dc25DpCox8q7NUk4F1uqrfP2E79tUZb4lsMq5glb~2YWlFN8U~6q65cMeGdxcJZBzO68xziycSDUGAFizk5TksmJ8ma2jMnO8gdXoYq4QdOnqAvAjuVBBGoB2T7ht71N-4UuZxN-6EKb5Aaw4PLnculoPepWWsqQbkuoyzQZ9NLRwG1P6H8dYnX~gszRHRPNeFpgtRYawKjNgE51BYHMRDTLIjLHlJDrYrLveghxpsVcSqaZFkoPjGbdhvF9Ps4kM9DNBccqkuBk0gCxFDuLq2aN96aRvLVVdAbcMWfvVSlvtERlQX8gTnk2m53Py03Tq-OiPlalkEGIPX846iwQ-EJk3B-1MBm729YaBQAEAAcAAA==
# deepwebradio.i2p: 2nait2gdeozkgf6gyhzjfij6mwldwkxxwcvtxobb4b5q5cvtm5la.b32.i2p
deepwebradio.i2p=g9psYNiR0xTFcEEmzSmfouneaqFDmTtsN9C6dcFPpZrUwQk0Ajf74dLTTzWO2W9~cUDc2MMAz04nd-Pu2IYOvKPonNHB8cSN86Um5sHgM~MatKz5Ty~KY85i5RWIR8mzlH~pT2A9bzEyVb84x6X5~gDh3nnageAXwN~MOQdNBYA30T0dWHp8IxLEwuhFM-8WC~RMQPeHpzLVUezBCtu8BscPt8oY4yOnNNiod0m85ZU4QEwn3q4UWscfT4ATqNiM7d3Y-YgyjC0RxWCB10B-o11T7QA8GFhvmI6FtQZU5w~6Hp9D80lG3J-zvUCqPkItt0Smp0AwQp08pRKCtPdMtJObN6XR9IyGESRnZL39kz~vZXKwy4jh--z0RxQQ-9UHAbukPpwsiftiFLgcMl2CAhCtHMsRW7Dx1y1KI3WQKP2FjgEoL3Fv~E1PTzK0gDWp-hjx55UNrhDvTr80rQHbBMtRrMagqFSnm8gB8pGZWF6E10Ra-NAD2YJcAhZZSJjGAAAA
# def2.i2p: cepsrw27kdegwo7ihzouwvgcvw2obswwjs23ollgj7hk2yrce3da.b32.i2p
def2.i2p=EE0hy6a7A5MFIanBoMjZU17BIngo4in6OIVoQkRnKzW75QVPmSbsLuNJUjQ4bQKjAA~dxJzmEXfzbp~ngPfL7ftjcfH0Ykt7mHgQRQfsXO1cirU57s9sU3PXwCX1gB3foCySggRH8rIxkCpU1ZeN2FwIONOzviN8gLIqH3RN1fRekPLpZzucteFXxlTJcqz2E1Z~Ra6QsCMdAxJ1YZ2PK6fqSq5F2dWpJIZcXmYqsYxnFE~~VrArBiek~zeYhlXmUqX-5w164PClfXvlqnmr8gYEYncloWnD7QbuanKjBzJvAMEnUeESPHCV1crAW17XoZ8o4We~cUsx-2H3J9abhGgxhTcR8PZ3xLMxzedYMBi3iiDDhPU-5gjbFsCpzCNRPJXMWs2vAubczk4w3EKfzix1fwLzmImfDJQ1gq1WvR9IkNypT7kzLTB668awqovh5aM06PNmiog3vhY2DRK0zogTP4LW-JwUgg7IPwDa8MfjAxCX72auFFCxtz2lZmfiBQAEAAcAAA==
# def3.i2p: xbf3ots2purqun7orn72ypkpjmrzbfrkj3u654zfe77hbrbow6la.b32.i2p
def3.i2p=lEAYB-o4N0SjMb0op0EAKcBqdCfhGff2NuRNZvlteY5H2V0foNuJ0rn9Oi2bm77OvBK7yFD4uvAK64Z5DhZEdlqKH5X13UNxNqyea7wo9EPlxbQBepiRU3UzHTsZIkLfMw3fPJ0l-oTbqONMa6LEKo2OyReifXdfcEJi-ueE0d~EfNZr7rsvpJ03fUQryDx0wqGnmXPYcIP7MpOxeiDvV0DWK0qLwIqYg4izpOaH5Yr6pKV8qlhMlvBHh8tlzmy-GyNs3zSuFgBWoQokJBmD8m6zhy~-wOm66zfHGIxbL6DnpHt1lZ9nmPRY6IresYPlS76B1NiaKPJUr9PpzSXcv9Hi-5mJlL-mAkcZgjbUPpXWfBvpniEJ9J-shat32zsiKPEADwoQxXQa5RXcw2k908d~9MNPhm7KvlhECbSzvjrVGBSCoozRs6yHUheHvVrH1WOc0Ul82amCPeQzsKZvW8URqUOk9eWzcmpqhDPtNZbIIzj7ZLWn8fAxRphtYkGhBQAEAAcAAA==
# def4.i2p: yyzdq4fwwmnlojp23drfpfqujln2vcjozjrfzfeuriuqzdq7g4mq.b32.i2p
def4.i2p=ngWi6tJ3BlKNRZKTnIJ9-N41sZMr109MkcIvBXA~ZXR9xuEJxZOnEG5YaeUVOqRnWFiFSQKL4RlFMfCM3MSHC0JLBvGnk1dM3N4dn2XZ9GDeEThcWu9MQx6jhhkfry4woOS3d0V5J4unc1KFhGlCSLiDKyCwycKhGT0Ubm60GBFlgzh0ATPitksJmwWzgDeIfC-p1BpzB89NgZ2G5fDG0OnfjtGugl0Txav7Yg78x1ExSHpLcLGmGnPdRE3UB2IMtvEx0HsnFB0nGx8VjzfWZ1e-OeltUCBzPj4lXqioBX5K0eFBy9JiOcHiFqtdPhi-fM2kFE9JyUlhT7n7NZg5ZehezPewwcVhsFNPoVFxMt5iVVQ13LwVksjxbIqzhPSbvP1UowDRPHTCaiw06GnbXezWa~7F09lFJMesi2R~p00wk2aEDYjP8BeS7ghqtgIGbasRCnXOItt7jUq8dE3trJnEUUlPllRb0X8H-NiBOr6QRHv4I7J4kl1XCM9Gy7cPBQAEAAcAAA==
# det.i2p: y6d4fs3rpqrctuv77ltfajf5m4tl4kzcu7rtwhxgiohylfxxow4q.b32.i2p
det.i2p=peraGkGP5rbFrd7VEJUwh5o25M~z5~2yeprqOGezdh6i6XElXydYLjralZVtPXMUFEY8isH4fA4gG0d9zodDvty19~10b2GtR2dTCiCMCOAANbJNMBBLhk~kMoGsK0WO2Ue7UnAuTgRPGeHHAxTcQYQivSuKevik2RSjBrWR0W1WCiDvk6TSVm2287MAs7mPpMpL05zCFCt-vm2clLASrukcBTp89jP~4s95T5cF8E8norITulkxJTWN5rKGHWuzSWBfO8LoaIeV6xrCw8UGGpdDtcm9dJS8ll2ouSv0fCqt-i6scCVKY-E~PL-p-eu~g5yoV9uzDJFvjlHHo1HXS4uG-XSA4VdPx8qHEmLvN8J3jIAEzI0TofxaBvjXYTG81VJyhJXYkb0kjBOZU6N-DbYdfsACJPWF0zw3LvrMfkNmOShpsBVgY5MNChb6zevdDXx4nAOzT0o1GKLMlEcg-45XAvgTsTdj3lD4Yvfu8vSfVZgTyJ3nr3yol0c879c9BQAEAAEAAA==
# dhcp.i2p: a5qbbp45dy2ixmyfjqfa3flcs4wh6v6lp6pzt2idhwhdcqx2al2a.b32.i2p
dhcp.i2p=pT-TYpaxfR46xG9ankB0~N70OV6aUxmw4UO80gJBkyAmS3Gk7-UNe-hVGfHIb7Px0ZPMpOxA~0G7H4K8nf9LVExlPmML9TSeVPSJ6u~mTfbvd86T5G-671IDmy1Os0tLObhYsq1FahgPyIDnhP7mg292B7INQdyQC3N~mxkn5ZrewX2yMVf6UMPitzT3F~tgS2TjYcGBWzlHKw1YX-b-PGCywLMpptzAXpKp1Uf7dkN9KNPEGNVw3Xn7LycTTqFtcgw2DRXr9gH1ZBmouKSVfaSdsZ-A~83IGVb9o3OJ5RcBSmUDK-k7bxsyZwVvFJNVI-3~TXar7wia193DebgtQVHrHXb75z63emME4eQx8HiP9AU~VQEtZf92hYfvbvnB4JrZopNuHQCRf6CNqRkXJ~rIlz36gNsGso3xZfcn116cm9yalO29XBXe4SeLkyAWj90MCFf6M6PtH7cGKDVor9RKZWsmw7f84QX2HYr~b4sX55kBmr5VlMSiiFv3s7AzBQAEAAcAAA==
# dhell.i2p: k2d6bius63w3g35j32dn66fssqwbnyvegx6w6pl5mdeojpp4rjba.b32.i2p
dhell.i2p=IFsKCn5QndXINbgbsvP2oD3IJgLnOmygIhfD7pHDMhN1YXPDL-pSQ7RzZN7RV-541ZE2wcNlHfvrw7dcFRJsZlLs5O7ETFIf4IbavP6BQ~DkCMrH7LchGkjlfJO4qg41UcaHK6x0CsoJE72pvdtp6~mQnMj1HWWwMkhfP-LgbLKaaYsBsPehBJEjx9OTPlLveSfKS1YEkx2mTYGDvJg8nqenB-j1WTMtHm70BWnzGMaIR-qCxSBPxxINFOP72irKlLq3E8ETScACcJjL-HNNaNU84PZcK5-Di~2yzGVv7yQvxyYHreaefK74pKX3CpLJ4XLX1diK8zRZ6~NlcqfiysInFNrQ9l~qic6q8dM1hfZFpLRWIV6pOUaVpY-T2arApvVFkzcV-BfEmmLelnc5orTiw~WCxtegAVC7FMLIbxSyUx2MphzhBtef9d1ZtJCU0BwRJG2QVtfYzT9U1sowMeO4lG3kHA1FKqOW~Ga2Ipa~-xo0~JhoUPJ8m1HvYNn5BQAEAAcAAA==
# diamorphin.i2p: vv5bgtpd3bjhxau4wjk6z3x3xcpazqscwu3qtnmbpcqevciuttda.b32.i2p
diamorphin.i2p=ULIT0da2B0EeUMKWRVTo6oEy~Hbaw62QsQx-y1Tp3NnKPxjy044kIaq4~iDYrYVsZtXAASOpsMqdQYrXgXnZk7nXRYdJY~dZ7ZMgZGIy3kMNibDvc72lrMeIAxlpzWPW4Ukx4OiEXhLp1ikUZ69jm4UqgHcxgmqZbG1qCj~~sPZPtZKp58TeKc~tFc8RXV5-zsNoHPlZzyRU4XtIfugftvEjkzNoyCimb9lguX5MIi7aZW4zu-q6sQR3x6pq9LT47s5uci4us~CF2Vd0hdwpM6tewtiDPZkj3d-C0OFi4fl~aNpcBfTsfsPaP0KykVPIBY3MB9ddApeDgccqg14zo9IUGNnuW53INhYCMUfXJcFKHOfCNGJIT7BF83Q0~AoN-wB6G4ruToPZ5L0N-mS9uWraOFzUBS5aB8wag-kHpGBemi9DgiodyPYECR2pTn6j~gYsrHPNHM4WEQ0NEAU1m7Fx5Xm4jPwpclI--NenMmwWPmuyL4fpvaDB-dfl0mroBQAEAAcAAA==
# diasporg.i2p: edvccoobtjukjgw2os5eetywanbb2mpag5aknkrpia5qx2koksua.b32.i2p
diasporg.i2p=Ml-lhGfc82MS3e5Ru1uwNa5j53R14M84R-7eBTL3qWouXOvKf-neqrAwOpkaJ55MNEZwJazpoPGXzn1qfn2PGRcFWLY1fhSpGUWJ-zMp3W-1GlvV8SYhhmAJLMTFDjNMD8g4mAa5cB~VkvW-Ejddvw0q-adRJz7ZiGIlsGTH5Rw6GIvBZNXQa1QsEg0TBi9DDxoZHZk513nnBLPkVvxJ9KsK8mkDWXCjuu8XMCs6gAxT2zaYPz9RfTcPNYhV0p5JwJfnWXoa-Qkr6S6-WoQvh-TMicMaHwS6~YFvNh8htsL5ic2Lm63g6uRWjMH-ClXvjOBISxQeEhsOCprgYzkkVCAh5q1cX9~MpikCSYH9VfWJICTuYVTYXi~wj6Fyp42BSO7dWDTclzXpQ53muUXH8YmRm1hqXwOge8TsPFQj-u4K4s2-zTwww4diFNI~xlWffURnSmyJnULr3HcBbHcX227zClS68COquffuMLs9asv4Eq9y1oYNIR0tBjJUCTZYBQAEAAcAAA==
# diffyq.i2p: hkjvyuc3asswxa7uxyalrnpqab4lyvzriu2rsq6jbjc2kaoabghq.b32.i2p
diffyq.i2p=LLhXujJjX8FK4GR3N4T4oOuxE61mXtD~5a191flEQcMsXpBUhRpZd0o8UgAlQNy5OjrUaGxQwYeAcZrXHPloCyFVyAHVQuWVa9Gxw55dL6ewgRmtHM2Lp88RwMoOaGyE66jn8XFO98hwmVQQIeZsKHkvI4ouZQh82wTQ68vgN~HsY9Jl~P4NBgQRJuzO-6FfHMy~GBDAWncqW43YZW89DmfPYS2b73TmpdM3h9sqS0u16WlY52duzZBIlLLAqlCHCRq7iqxcgtx12j6FJDr1b~A9TbZkh2WGCA2WjJaqkZx-roeMyKISc9O3PIj-U-Ibu-i-PdSiyX6dH1Gx8jEGBA3M0udm1iE2Zba0ATe4xsRIH5ZiqvluViAftpcO~MD2FJBUNvZjUA3PdbT2HtDsO1kiRaXKDuKE~2b6ZUxMiq5EN2Ko~I4S6ZdXSP7aVYUbQic8X4vsoMISnPmuiKzA0agnZIg7-1JsRFBKuOmzjtCL1VGyFBniNu5AciblH8O0BQAEAAcAAA==
# diftracker.i2p: m4mer767ipj7mq6l7gdrmrq37yzvsj3kzezd7n7nsfuctntjseka.b32.i2p
diftracker.i2p=n--XWjHjUPjnMNrSwXA2OYXpMIUL~u4FNXnrt2HtjK3y6j~4SOClyyeKzd0zRPlixxkCe2wfBIYye3bZsaqAD8bd0QMmowxbq91WpjsPfKMiphJbePKXtYAVARiy0cqyvh1d2LyDE-6wkvgaw45hknmS0U-Dg3YTJZbAQRU2SKXgIlAbWCv4R0kDFBLEVpReDiJef3rzAWHiW8yjmJuJilkYjMwlfRjw8xx1nl2s~yhlljk1pl13jGYb0nfawQnuOWeP-ASQWvAAyVgKvZRJE2O43S7iveu9piuv7plXWbt36ef7ndu2GNoNyPOBdpo9KUZ-NOXm4Kgh659YtEibL15dEPAOdxprY0sYUurVw8OIWqrpX7yn08nbi6qHVGqQwTpxH35vkL8qrCbm-ym7oQJQnNmSDrNTyWYRFSq5s5~7DAdFDzqRPW-pX~g0zEivWj5tzkhvG9rVFgFo0bpQX3X0PUAV9Xbyf8u~v8Zbr9K1pCPqBq9XEr4TqaLHw~bfAAAA
# discuss.i2p: wrnowoalzz5mquzaygmcrm4feuqco5gsxyn42fizbqjaprtdx5gq.b32.i2p
discuss.i2p=1Is48qivn-n58E2UUjb1L6cJzCeXuv2pGIJpAY8P9a4d4OeBDb3OInK9fUI3DpWnVFVx7GePe9TNcXSnW9LTnf3XvW~j85q6ARzb7ctKUjJphljjXwwHiFbQr2Fx3ZoKpiWo9cvcXmZB87gdPYJY1Ce7Ncw6zNkHhz5fZ~5Xvdmkp1ZWb5P84iEJakB~fmaBwpfHZjxQ3yGYg6ez3AafOafRK~ThBaZihu9T7Mit34jFeR6Ym4oKXLJMB7r0lFNtxU~giDzhYgF7c4qLWxey4TYMKF1-bRu6ol4waJKY6pwkjI3OcdW~SuPcVhYTTLHivDIyVp-W-1B4rOGQ-yDkSSUpX0accGqlBign9xENeW0eEnxQ1Y8MCaFdKrBqdgeb9lm9vjspYlLjo~9bqkCPLyRV3HZoXIbbkgdyAGV8TJfZXCUWHYNwdetA2FH1vkcf5QGGFGdO47YrVZOMIBysyVw19K94uJTcO8jBQYZCm7uE50PAduXdu4x884DowzXkBQAEAAcAAA==
# dist.torproject.i2p: pbhgoronppg7tq3dssnwmhzkbrscbvtmy3d5pmar5hyhnqwjj46q.b32.i2p
dist.torproject.i2p=msuUjugo4T7PK8xp554OJdzZpTAbmAFUH3uViBeh~3m3GNkDAOI6r9NgpwooFJRsMIyM8utTsCGJkGi-g~YYV6~13CrbQ~ZhSD~MPStdTENFMUW24QraRyJ-NvAvRDkcH6OUcLFkpzIiq5KMEJJ4oko2f-PbIslrJPlJC9TGwZwCgAvUsQEU1XRjr~rS-BWXOeJ6SxMzQK2FU-Y92AW~8RltkCfd~7CgZ9oIAkbxMeJoZcsy-AK8~5Woo8pJv8RaE656AzP-bvtRIuSZpS~5h-LZdfGPP0NS3EtS3GUpxfOKtbUti-J3ahMsSHgK1TEvjpXU6avtA4mdbZ5e6nM6igU8HVHpPqSMtDG3nYj0raczEaB5W2CJMnAs5XLCH21SadSLx4x1qev2xsf6jrr3I25mK~iBR~WuTI80LKSRDv55kEBzyMTghZZ2aJUzB~xTfP7SqCmeiYLGX61Gz~fS3kpzrZtllZd6l4sA4Plp5UtVd954iZqtdi~wYZwIQ9-EBQAEAAcAAA==
# ditio.i2p: wkpjjloylf6jopu2itgpktr45t2xvpjijxilxd5tq4i7wkqgwhhq.b32.i2p
ditio.i2p=rtnt69tboo5ht8FZJeNeNc1~TQnIwz3OxH8mMflDZJkx-uIynT3I7qJ86Ptsg-q1UjBVrdvobwL~wqjc8iI71buEio6cFNmHFT84tYynVy8oXsg6XgQQpSNTcfBPSDbDGuavskz9ChKpbJ9WdBFS~cYeSj3zzhS-YVqxLhn1XdktPWyBt1EJSkv2qMPUaTazkeQ~5wti1o0LKZ6rjWxLUF4yNLNpaBWqunXC5rC74KIEf2FJI5NzVIrG6gB40jneblSflUqsoN6ejhJ15pA66nHrx7pEgc6-32KPzNqzSzfQxS1dzByo8d1U8MdweD5TW7qjzyfE7IMOJs4-KKZpmg4qqU7qEkHLsX5-pKIA~K2LWOuL7JooBu9gSJi9SQRd1YSaGuPM3enrxIUtSpFTCyHbm6sZAQ~4pNF7Q5H4L-zIb5i3kpwXXy3Ws2xp~5SK8W2oN8TnXzOXGrFk0vxF2KXweqZkuoBOk8WMYWooSZTml5F6ES6Y7FwDOtNFSedbBQAEAAcAAA==
# diva.i2p: auoqibfnyujhcht4v3nzahpqztwlyomesfywltuls5bqqi3nd3ka.b32.i2p
diva.i2p=4phqSBEfNK6jKPgyD6KjfTYGK6WQhw5CJyYIgwHAC-5Ftvm8tESaB4~VdXCK-GERVjKLRS~OsyaUJbGkzlThUpoJAzhTZmsyDuplY9IYiM2FxsV1I4ku255gSTeRHtyt2jT3sNCkXH4VkHY9~tBELyeWHX-iMpw5F4ndTEVQUf66w2oDV39Q83qgL~VbOImnzvNBfYxV40EvlV1SxeD14nMaou0XmaOnGvGRfGA7xAQvMjNSzNHeSkummsBbqmKxrXYkAJ9mdADir82xTAVPNcF4EzWS2QZEQBNxtq0yPYRs9I22lOG3BcBAefw8i3Ho31myigBeUdVNYGgMu1MZYtbHJAGGE16GDVEcWriIQGpvUc9MN6MB4JjlkeHBqF2XpNmYD69FhvBcxre0SmK5ZG2-ZiarQFnRVSFBBSvxFUu5c0rOaDt2yYOOKAuzaHO5r4M1xchQJmGTJzZigkXTdmdA0GIok-Outewc2kAVDC6JimHsbn3F1PhDBpJu2uMwBQAEAAcAAA==
# dlms.i2p: krsbxsaw3lnb6ctdpydygm2gqobjcpm4pf367ddo5hylbscnynmq.b32.i2p
dlms.i2p=exhE~7nVCtqV5rwEDH8~oQGP1RCka8urauF6rCjAw0loyVpuCadgdysUtw1bfloLFWNEiacP60NGrDCNzJa3WSdTM6a1qBt0MecIMP-jq6sKrL8h5zo6~yLN-VRvL7Rr0rnDJtg2AbpGWztJ1Nt6sA5Bo0JOEpE0mQCLD0WA5cKpLPKDsG-WwsLTCfqYAUFVxwAQqhbITpBT1elG5n6yPBW~x8JcOBzikrbmgVUqGBbwEBsNvTEvdwviP24j-QORfDWg6pdnPu5h1sxl1KKvY7zPl~8wFYYq3FVQL3S~1ncCx1ZD8G0-D1omvejzy7NspCOUe5pSWO6aWGmdxf3PjlO7LHtfy443hzAdr6jDTsOkHBF8r1L0yZmL~ZroI4n1N5qaO5Qs-srVQU7MIgXTdBv3XT0N-41IHEJ3EkovJzAFved8KbM7gz8H79kx9CY7LpBYm5XNfLXosvSe5uHwYq0Td7JciN8n2EGsLMkwMYzazD54eYUqMorphpKtj~jbBQAEAAEAAA==
# dns.acetone.i2p: dnsgzxkak4zlrrs5tfh42ob57iley4xrp7srrltn2j2yl2ynbiaq.b32.i2p
dns.acetone.i2p=5pwwiruKrYgLFh675iqZ~LHfxVTgOAmOVuE-oHn09UUAQLwbhfBe-7-beR8tMKS3W~ClcxGTEEz6GceHXklE2~-1D9Fm3ruMJABTWNiCEOWVLVg~hWYd9qetcHLz2rIjj5yqWmx7QdVws2tcDwOW2GHU-CmvKi02mnnc9iK8hJQy57zIRWvlbYqX9kPPdwNGjvPd4XX7PFnDO3pTTd67EgKlZQL-8jXJX4CdLuSuODA68TVjGefP5nu5qjTY5h67~3nRn8jpRbaiZFtSMt0xvgNQuW~flmIjKDol2duNMk82s1RRIwwp7v~G2plR~ZqTVm29THPO8tHyRbdK1lW8~~pPg03tBDvGnvUDynwQknjAqE-jXonQpo4sqR9ndPj9gxuRxXshUTkevajXXwVbiqFQ5T79h0-6BJqdmUksPDasX0sSScj9S7i7K10F94c9w7gNSosdT9x3SAYT5TgsB0vyHgVeg8PF3pCKjjOws2AFEKds2S7F5joIhSVSafQqBQAEAAcAAA==
# dns.chudo.i2p: zzfmtnnmacop3xvpznc4c2jfvk226wpep2gaoanja3gfzf3ih7xq.b32.i2p
dns.chudo.i2p=UPU9wpJk3wIRtEmNdpR1WpCKZzo8MLaN3y7Q8VJlrSs6FkBJ8ZCRhIngOcCqN9G49dSTZqLmhU8C6aTgv~yf78d9i08osjoxeJlhcC1XP2-bWWlx4LuJPV2FwEv8kf3lxZfD990DyRGmX28EqJ9QuxNltSAOfaIMqMSWIlsFKFStMPyaGrqGjvRGI5oqwPEXmocSyTt0UTbluYz0CrahOesjOQostPGvhJOS5-6F~wFUvkZ0SYyWKzUFXLZDNbOZ11awR5Xk3HUgBOhB5NfT-cC0MN8PkqMKvIm7WiLBiAiQnSOGHIQpyI~uO5geHZnhp1dvzpCCLy5EwXG-g~EMD-g8xmamtJne3XeDZ50~LIRnAXymD6Z~ukW8ZY74FT1cW1YGUgE-1YNoPmLOgvxCyH~NoAPmPSHx4GUefOaOaF41uWdSUIZOb4c5zWmI1iyKcUU2xjAxZnQqIhdx8G20y3mWmVCmt0ORACUspIZagFF6btWL9kOoepzvEi0~vP50BQAEAAcAAA==
# dns.opman.i2p: kuuybrcfojlhzw2fawn4mkgcrgrg23eitfo34lherjc32d7lqkuq.b32.i2p
dns.opman.i2p=aAx9vwwiiYq-gir2yKiQJMCBGLnoyvCkBS-zeDOgMrX42RrBqgVIWa83wPaZag5I4iNp02P1NeMxWjZhBBTCDDOSrOWKZV50HtzNJPlsgAiThZp2swDhubfMStLRl19w82p7wOqXR3bE2894-HPQG5a-MYEg1ZKCbWyUdLnypzO25fhW~ENXiq6-jTeDehlPtB~ipff-UneGesaemtqnewqgYtjW8UryhJlK-YNEvlvVCp~yc4xhwQiA~y~HL6P~w5S0lSfIvIOYIHAONjsCSvnFzm9QxgwuHOjotjKjHsC9sjbRrRabe16zIrrfgE1ytsS8Uc-JIcKbVfGNT927uvWrrXQa52jqF0QjQS3wrTswYQznnG0XXiwrByf8eUlV3tJIwkPhifXzinRiF97X~Ad3U~GlNYVRPRykKlqzqluxlTaZpmB6iRpBISZ37nO0wAMVaNzXWi0j3QCRL6IPVWnPI4PbJDwo-fFtKgCeZQjoKa4m0v-WryV9tIYuzxEPBQAEAAcAAA==
# doku.idk.i2p: jpcitznk5b6wkyr3cnoywsshakrpmvmw3lczxsyxazfgzcbqclqa.b32.i2p
doku.idk.i2p=8PzvIAJWGFolHHyqnAb1jVTS3SvJvziKBJC37J6~ABW-FR8Ex9JvEWieO49Len36S6Sm-OG1x8sACV0hIABLfEYXEEs8NKCMouyM7L6~x8eWBe0cGvqiZP6-6~aja3nAXV0ouGVboXCGGqniSxYmEd7PUKpAnLkvAfgyDdk~Vg~i9lZvg0ziVqA~a-Cin3kiaU0ZdTHT1DJFLoQ7hSLghHwF~bTyyUSUFFSKsWVvcwV7ozLHgsfolXfQLQvJIN67SqwvdljhJDUslF8Iwq00JYS2RnvORtLipJrm1kNRzLfRLI7nErqG2s1ZMc8N~fqrLzctyQQDuXqz30047lAz7f5dU7Q8SO6WHb-eR0SU3yEgel-L85ftLQNryZiBKi9C7gdhiO3wpnxJ41bRoh9DublS7yFbM4XMOwmj7yuLWdCni6RorG2y4nU8I94KoYZ8hIIDVEUywv9fbfwxdJo8mUy0-vnpA~3phDl19qjQLhmnCGhsZnMjYLrOVbNfLYchBQAEAAcAAA==
# dominance.i2p: tyse4u6bjkq4pcaijua44ok5vansav5p6vvh2ewr4i2qzqyuxqoq.b32.i2p
dominance.i2p=TOugb8U4QhbEhLdemXzvtdq35kv1pUbSFOdwwg9sh~f7X~jWXH6KdczxiSOz2Mm5UGhj6DYrsdv6tG0CLV~vMEGmtC3yBKQHcfohLjHFdOUCqToQdhgh3xqSvxmHps04PjWZx2fvD4FB6MvKwSEm4bkb~1L5S6oF1DDS7d50HkAt1d-rO7Xxmfi2~r9wZpZh5kmKmGtXhPIl6ixuW-WPaDFgbTZUl-aBnvi~elpqU5lkHPRSAvWdeXWpQUa5BcgHsPzBLAT1PjiDQjpQA~W44JXz5xR1lsaZj0o-eekgJvuOLXniNJkL3ctd5303Y~Iux0WG-PX7L0SXMKUt1w4TI1uyNe6TMuyzKoMdZSJ5QiavAHt9YIm6KLaWr0~LRA2hH3AhOySzo3K7uJ0VtUd4qpngzaW~qTEW4nePdgVJkYNoRNy07yTJb4ND74DUXef8RYZ8~He-Xl3BwNLh7K2ZaRQDnjkQvXcqYtrS7b8duFpjSianvc6FegEttMXMcVqJBQAEAAEAAA==
# donate.torproject.i2p: crxdz4n5viyy46upbd4amlzxcinkea7hwj3mkiudrw3nkpnfv42q.b32.i2p
donate.torproject.i2p=kIqbr~pVtOWqKYbN7ZX8YzZwNMPIxJ59Q6DYZxJ-TSFlAO1t0N5fT9J6AFrAcfsbtPhaZv5HL-tLViTqERRNXC2zhwaY8fB0od-mfsjD01jD6lJGb33C7L0r0~lrWuLcPUQVsDrixWAGLWxH7OJjpRbIKYjpoadBIwLgBRL6zMTqPBQZh0HfN~HZFmhB3Ey9dRtN4sBNt0KRiWTwMWyNiT6JLjWFmMehh9uHg3HqrWB3xPj7EBsb1veGsFLJFMUPoP1LJyjJK4KgNLFr~rxbOJ-pM05cNG17HxtGJznr2r18lY2dt5RZ2MaHCVZQmgKDV-Ry5XmJSfpZpnaY4myE29Fy81XGAHb70CMp2HiNv3RWhLenbIgOcRMCkcYYVAIyxUD9cGhiQmlRrjduXTacZUvUZd2wAuFbNB3EkXpGDK7Z1UWSlxBD1ocWJUtGjDxgcpAQjY2aiB750d1JphmcHuE7dgp6v4cts7LbU-2fKGSvypvKGwvKfMyzio05t49wBQAEAAcAAA==
# donotafraid.i2p: w6jq5xsixmolxvh5xtxaqolary2nmx5n4orc5bilc2j7ejcytgfa.b32.i2p
donotafraid.i2p=pPk1~sID6ShxPwGY8VxBeggrvOJjTIgta0xPSQuBofqIe5qA1~7JUVuvmIUP6Z8HtKXnX3pW59MvXKt551y6MY6aAeuuOIAOoyimO2bpAG4DDSC~GrOtcMb6sFIKBv6xUYNYk9YqhA1KuHhg-3Pixvrs065wtIFUl4xw1mlTpFVdln3AKpFJkuRQkzlB9ik5wxQeFoYlN1evNkX7ZWHtjCCMeEi48dem7szvk1igmqCluc2Uz~0m0aPKZnyH72Xr20w3oFv8lA2gsmUrkimdMVwy9FWQyMFQAUVcjBoZFA-ygqT3YhR7FLaSGbybU6GyEOcRDDMUqPHTKxz2Ef-tDiuWW2xuC65MoB9b4SV-aD0jJ7hRuGBOU6Mt34AHc40sEQx7tA8yHpcL6447hfq6kw6eLzB0WhCfN4sBMr5mzfFMrnHrSv0eJyi~CVqCt6-iSMmJEbVH092l0vV3OM9AQ96A9pVfWaojoZjGC4O4ulMFxWk7ZUJkOFAZodpT72qbBQAEAAcAAA==
# dosje.i2p: ir2ky5ejx4f646l4fsnug22gj4frn6jzlg7fgboudf2n5b4gdj3q.b32.i2p
dosje.i2p=-VITVzGYMPANnkPSDr4pVynJAR878kuIMyLmNfMS~fIod1IUacSS2hPQ0bwKLZrhTVg8tjdoLpa53TdtXYIa8mrsBcvXVLe47QRQ4oE5LjCKjgP2bWAr-ItS9C7R15KLX5NTgv1IJL1OySCAtaL8MSx2CM0OCXw2c-c-2xYG5tovfHkewSqc~KAlRkmlLxjgvvejwJHusPG6UDKPn3jqXD9A4eQtUfrxGFKMlQW1tFBmxk5pG2REJDLT0ExTGvX51rewG2ClvFKLBZHzuFkWCBop5tUUdRImSFVtPd9~j3NLX3jTwF11Xk75hblDSOZUk7WeEVXtfOEbpC423rlhOHTMHd5iFMoCtCxVeJwf3ziwZoOSqFSZpqBNbiyy5MD3sIA0eDZ7yyIkae9rBdb6LwpQZ5mCUV8OumRZhdDYKc4rDKtKiQzmln6fdqCXhXbACipCmRGr2FSX83ul9DXwqhONgyj5Z0Cue5aLaw9Pf-0jzeM4T7MvO9RcTeS~UJISBQAEAAcAAA==
# download.i2p2.i2p: mgp6yzdxeoqds3wucnbhfrdgpjjyqbiqjdwcfezpul3or7bzm4ga.b32.i2p
download.i2p2.i2p=XR19NMWu8VeU4FQ-21SZRO4gfyl-lujLDpH2Q~P4mv3l7lm8qdGilRNzlmZtGMFbsnXr8B4pJrgyLtSV3s~I4RCCJaxl3wdp~UtfXnoSJcIVlXZqo0FqxIbEJFoqVzdsOQtLi2qb~q~znjQ2yHGO0m2lt6JafhSsMG5EgJiIyFh6muR3AgfvrtM~z6hfGvDub9DKpJN6cktM4cNWRXpx6y41mQcy7WjsXrU5HNXhQeebZqWKdgTwmmvfC3OF1kPjS2vEu6XZD7RgVgszCJ7Af4FgBs10XB1sGAvpVjtz9huQzcNMzrKOayAaT-lqjXoqB3G-z0n~D8WyJJSw1llzeKAqCU9GQhU6qx5eJoK5BlVZEzL~QVKHoErorCphJZoichuq28jjnPTFx-rA3era2YbvW3Aerd9o4muSFjWFkoUvDl7Yx56QAemPcoPD67jtU8lSaT2Iy~sEI9kNyVVDwId4ArfXQ4n6LsM54Vx8cdJT7b8dTj47XG1jyLoiwZKQBQAEAAcAAA==
# dput.idk.i2p: tyjlzfp6x57tgshm4cr4p5fnesmq5bkx5wf6tgesh2pzi4p4rdiq.b32.i2p
dput.idk.i2p=-Pt7sp6z19Ga~TzGjJQKlDYNSYY0s6jUAmoBLTUolQXA5kKgeM19RjWvAzCxA-jo7YfeWOupIBrIaY~JY4OnCOUAFFRWefN21INEvvVLTYbBzrRf5QEYzpGstKyqqhn8-5exu-STB~eCvEzApS7y~79Rck1k6Gg92SChlmZZmMBx4PWsvFF4ddtNuSD4TxX-hb4J0asG0m8qgtFuSANUUdORytOkhlTDvm3L9F~JX6yQ1M3os0bm3GaRb36wBAkIcXVtNEhPNUh0TB0ibVsFMy6Jzd~o~Pv7TtH7pzceTmUP3y08OWr8HMTBx~MaPEsWvStO2H6qNxv3gTUHhLIO9hdvHxfyxgbmU9OH9MCDKPy5KyO9V7aOiOhK3tEhL3Q~QY7~JHrrsu9o7dLTOnGmvjXzO0SmyoF2tsGYSDGJ-1wDuwBBcTLJR1GJPrqr2xXP1OEZsMALL2wnyQ5FmWr1iamqpDDclLke1tKbCEACaW5Q3walDP5djzodhCqcsKArBQAEAAcAAA==
# dreadpiratessociety.i2p: fbdd4syj2v52x5zord67av2xclmjsg6bc6xdvrqmvqkyd3whij6q.b32.i2p
dreadpiratessociety.i2p=Dg2qBuKkc5dkw0ef~je~UOIZqBklOL2GtXFpSM6IoUUBX9YLuRYznEaK7DB3iWLRY7Q4MLrvZKbflja89Y1wOc6as2gg6XiRPaisqbsbdKqXouycVcQZYoLJAS6KaB17fcF7JHz9HUalzrpqjKyH~oXcwZYz-t1yrcnwJGa03MlQnRUAWX2G5iSL9m7bhOaZeRQrNQXXsKgIWirkPNIqXN69qcoi9rhP6XWUGq0wODwBUKzj9XjytEwxYEgB5sK3TV5TNbxQmV3RuUVtu7LDWirnCigC6cyq2V6vU5M0HmPP25WNtutp9ZSTyakaxtZqLjZ5Fccz86GLmDdWaQ-g8HS6ys8JBfLz3z4U~72GV6LYH9XusrSB2oOX-0UOOrLSkKzQLeLZylDajp7qO-WPoYzNkPFs9Fc4AmKEc7AwKkByveRevq0QRIzvhr8BIphLoGQTgf6MkhCYUS5wEORuN-OxL2OqnHB3fOPyLSwdNdJ2axcSHWabb30sklgixpgNBQAEAAEAAA==
# drommedaris.i2p: 2cth2loujyjvouft5z7cr2ajdv7r46tdxxew5xoqwpprucd7nf2a.b32.i2p
drommedaris.i2p=WokfBDsb2M0fsk6lPknlFysSCyS20e1g5SCUZb4HgGsY-FJ9Ln6VcXNZkAmM0BOoRVU4gE7NQOLrM6TgMQ9Br0C~aNXbPW9Y8hC7oIiHzpHqmK-TqyhEoFPCk~g7QAvkesnjZcFQwm~aYi9ubUyryPXH6Z2QdWBEGqRs~YFQxXzlue9Y6i2N31vI9Fd0bTtCjXGFjYZeMc5Ivg-0l8nJ2gLfXo3nUX8HeH1h9v8gHleHCYlWcO1VHV4sDiercnfjMJw4ONEaXDmEdfpo0NvPOH-lTvRAQ1-m~xBvaRpCZ3X9w5c~RyZ0qMYHWdqIdHIv7kTffxosU3M-GcysUdXyWEF73KeVVbv7pTpHS7514nNlDjUOmDInwT23bhWPufvwwMcx~JGmRibz6lMvSXifkVIXk1ggxBWGAwE2fAZwJ~EekH4h9mqDd003dqtXMHCAfVTmUo7mhshhYw8L9WUt0twkYL~BHs7ml5gUsRlc5GkKbUyg5qDCfhbhnu2RCjSIBQAEAAcAAA==
# dronr168.i2p: glp5i4v3evwyw7kvszvlxryzpxl4uxptgj6aco5dkgze2skbs2tq.b32.i2p
dronr168.i2p=EZ~vklKnvUHmvuf3g-WAcTL-KkLHepRA2LPa0pDGgCGfnluD3tPfTWbwrTQmWnWS4yp-HzREn6NpxnbraqBeXhrmNHeroQLMRGcxFVywZmWGDrKn24sKC5rSIIVmoG6LythdS3TV00oE13O2x1F7kKJcph48GtbZJvakSnGIayVyTAvnaldziN64WtQAOfKhCLBRg3Y~aF9OeaowuuzSxdpmi5vMhVzgOLpNIQGLyD8R6k7ZWBOd-VoBZyO3JIuKPflvI-RQjw3AcVgbQh0~K9Fo7eEj7Yuz6wuTDhWNNQYe8NIgtS2BjZYWFThXHrm3ScnVDKo7y6yLAHUcA53zzhiupLA-araFVltQhjsBQEm7jPDjEQGMX5ySd9mF74k466CDmgNAlsR69Bw5JlVeXVCcs2l5AJThUwmdVl1tDE6FsICTSaImg72OY7fsRFhdLltV7~u7w4iXJHzsmJLp8x1fP4vQOY4b6N8ZGDnQMLvNRRUPx~TEiJjl6P5YvL0dBQAEAAcAAA==
# dropbox.i2p: omax2s5n4mzvymidpuxp2yqknf23asvu54uon6cxl6gdrlblnuiq.b32.i2p
dropbox.i2p=AIHFAcVRliHl7~SdE1F8zuwTSErFrle209AlSeAIwCKmq2rGqaAsl~~w~P0S8Q19aaZ20NIZAIFfY7duH6TT7rC1ergtoIElHtjZo4hYc5lwJsq9HMCqpRz6RDxHb9Ba3vQAMrXm7vhrwoKUYk9IP6j6~FT8IAZ8KJzL56x~K5R66QVB9-KfNNSQdbD5oievtPC8BQCIRRm6chQ2Gi8zU0EuV8pyXv1d-YSrrJHp2wYBU--1HimCrPGNPZGMFar8kOJ8tOSinKjpXut~B1gn-eJ1hoaryF7nz36woYbTd2wrxFOo8i2A8gQkxvXp1NJk7O5NAeUy5s1fjkC02KWkcyIMWanfR-XJSe0FG0GsY~0yrm0DiRqiT5kfWJGOfCKfl9AP~2nqCwRNrXUq25qyZ4tfzwNuGtlC2NVALrU7M53jJKBY4jcboAP9b2tUJkCdjOcrndbReCXIyzwyw5Vohn6R7gboZp7z5Dz45WF3OMryrKfcsLv1-RDSxK8JSQ4gBQAEAAcAAA==
# dumpteam.i2p: 2fwlpuouwxlk2nj4xklvm43m52tqyhqnu2fcfiuv7clvf3wd5nwa.b32.i2p
dumpteam.i2p=33ukcZiL4mfwgHp34rkubZXcSO5vSiAkd79LB7F3WXVs024gGeOB1-S~FOL6D0FKhz~u8m4fxduJ3H5V279TcqQ8Dz1MasKptO3zZub987qv7UvG~L6Lphh1vjpr~pe0MxmJTf2qns68oXb8~a~X255zVnMOgAnL-7MJOo4SgrgwzsiZ7LkA5p~iXrOL9hPIJFSf4wiYZ1GQE4iB88TJY7MeT7c0hH93AJFMYwglat4sSvR4A~fI7-Hee8znZsBXenBjzS~YcFYR-coHlgmIYW5qk01xEUJRx8gHXgq4mCmzK~m5HgEv7jTG3puZZ3-C0ae1g0vtB-GSe1ZS3JjRWoLu4R6n5wRUmb6G6xSb6SllVLpWY3ApwdOYDm6eO5aLqZLO2ItcWbVFhlOBpncicttsePUCIEc6gifDvnC2LuxzmN35LnA0eZeLlPhgaRRR5blEOnSO6WW5MtemcSO4uLb0UHb4Fpl7zNiURd5~qIDrBy4DM23KbRU4Fdraam5-AAAA
# dysfinis.i2p: 6dhhk2azkdqd4zt2azsmnxddhooiztnaxgz6ft5sbusb5a4vonva.b32.i2p
dysfinis.i2p=8xH2fJbhFOyqIDvg4qrTKezA8Mq~UzjPwWClC2~lMbqNVqD~AZ1XWTekdNcAt-~YhGj0hv8QwtfX4uOzLXQW6NzYbDrtfZWX4ovurFl9wIClzJcg3tw3~R30IlqF9WJPpS~8ab1wXBLUYjfw6nurUu4lJnLJ2xqZdSNcssKSnFt6GHfyNHI1Y0SFoTdND-02KhD0ATdyGkObaAr1O8MdgvcsMLi~Twk9jqlgCXPxvyjp2JPjvPZRm1G32GN3uXXY4ZGrUxejetQoM0TOFEHRacHYZ3qBFjA-f-glMDb9zxxtfOKg9jkpa7GHZAVcgttaYMk-kspJ1Ty70mbRTeV1ag1FwFcx2aOBRlO8SH4PiX9PzRyJ0doj46hBjAuE4SGEcd8p9GiTi7EbZsd8XlrDUR8pcD3cA42myFSjpOu1ZYAA5ZSSiGNDAk6rq5nWC96ur3Co8ynbRIt6ntrm0gTuiEaIUDUex2iMpol~6ppRxBKcq5sW~beiB93rGbAb6RDoBQAEAAcAAA==
# e-reading.i2p: z54dnry6rxtmzcg7e6y3qtsig5yf5fmehuvakcg5wnuahx3iafuq.b32.i2p
e-reading.i2p=3ZdLN~NOUBKcDKY0cfbIV1JYDmUMynIvTKXnUL8cP24Hm0CYAqHDJVf-ZwKrNv~Pltz6xUvyWAh0O8Od76kNQknXYA9pQ7ZwU7duNPVvPrJBkegzuGadyxXC8ZKXxa3hRoZuWxybwr5qXDoHDk9Gr0tawMQ4WXGyvKJ6xdwmO2W7Lp1DUAqDyTEaejO4b~NWFp95mLGKqMeILscp6dBf5IEQ2YgWxSC2KsxrEt06T3KGNQlEcegb7fhkvj0COxnsSvJx~duZ0monlIXtYpFSlgaTTz0Ffn4luxgCNDeCkKzS3xE8-Cz2hExGPe~asgL3eL078h2rL9gisVu4JLUDtHpYkBIPv~Rnx3G9wi3PAHlhpKVxQQIWmg9Y~AigXGAX1YYNNLT4z~EskTlMBAtJEsPESdx4Gph1az4qOb53~dSpNCkLLFeg8qO9qtn0c2ADbEr06AB4D4ytrNys-BnVoBGyzMRIPbCHosQrRPrSK9-CHSOqX1ee91ahK7HaRKPiAAAA
# e8.i2p: 5spb6cl4ffallahbaj2yadag2zgyuciouhz2rdcnyjcf5phqcu4a.b32.i2p
e8.i2p=GJHW6xiyHR0KSU6iCXtvhVUFzRIWiQGXJBgUq39E654qG4-k3IYw71I1hYc7RZ~0Npb3sP~95-9wc44en6ZHSId0sMqUkuZ-zd9HLGs~BQBsU40AYgw4Yvy--tU3w125a-OlQqsWcEviasIedF0gG4MEgyF2V68B2qnYJo3mqY~FW2ZSJ5taoWui0pXe6wcI41desAHZ18rvJFOSNQIt81n5mhN7zIZuku7WCfDiNqtnjA1OUXZiiQnRqD3VSixB9FZPL0RyM8m2SZ5HSRqS8dllL9ISewK3VAJLGAthkI7CyUg6bTUfp5B4oU2QQYAENHjqxUV6CH7LMgeV8eTKfPymUgFqW-Mzac6I~HjMLwqxq6CbkiFqI94WqmhpmUzMsr72T4g~N~4T6PXHvK9tXvqNYzInPseK5oMP-4hu4GKmimwStEfhZgTTmESrTCQuU-cLNUSambKn~sKSvriPdYi8bPeXG7le-JLba0I2phik0EO4Z40z304Z6PCEXEJEBQAEAAcAAA==
# easygpg2.i2p: bwxry5alzx5ihgrd3glah4eotddblzhalvpheppnw4zcajzqoora.b32.i2p
easygpg2.i2p=p2VK8d-okRBZLEsvWKPFrdqYuAwHBcaPdaIUlhjjkckwdggzamkoeIxEGq1LFiYmP5peaNneUHQJRyHi7-r9yaKxfoq63Pp2dOsAtFP9Daa7sWVShbk-UJQLEdsXF3TnVy6IvDfG8jJqlwOf7LtR04Vmmy4m2HgrovASqLMzKQXVlGXNYzoNeld0~kl3MR~211rL7SgkMQDVceYPcNu2RTCpJJaEZzcCmA~cf1n6SJj4hETIYwSE76DLGHZAMqVtKUxF-szKFDZZStRl1MJLT1-IvbUUufs1bX2CtvffUqY9hMyjC4-~hi2PeUqc2AKKJUgQM1-ovmNxqv2XENGb7WyuLuNJ6xnK-xSBnzhgpU6RezgeJ0Vrg6Lz5uFvP3qAmYw0jC6NPQks9XU8ZJFcVgA6lSnOjfkPp0GKRWXpqp1ZnvG7N9spwB3suOl29hR-JCEzx3cq~4D85RzIrA9IUlZEkbJttXu2TWOe8gePLr6HhrtrQIWATa~YMiIjfpYaBQAEAAcAAA==
# ebooks.i2p: bvpy6xf6ivyws6mshhqmdmr36pruh2hvoceznzeag52mpu647nzq.b32.i2p
ebooks.i2p=BzQEHUo2x2xj9AdO5wO4FJFl0yKiCLgzDI3I8cj3VS5hxXr03R6hYpl0AeFFmR--zCiDR8fEOYDg~2T9xbFjpFclRLf3VKsaqxjm1XXC1~15G1K0XI0kFhSzU3l1AeesFZ1BaLIu-n1LX-yorLRtFV1viKYLFH8yaiAGEcUM60pwliyuDWqf1Z5lqpOUW4YrfieGrzSHX75v23zd1qg-476Z0QZQPONH-xgKkE8qoLy4eB1Vs3z1vj5vBzfM4jSN-AGCm~lJ7MrcKPBbVQKuOBMSQXkvXe7t1oIpNyHJtC7gh4Kn6Vj3Gz7Q5K3cdTgNiuCz0AE2GTSB3n1KfTt7r3fkoqWvf6LHbWH~he8MfI7UMJ5K77Vg6FeixKaPwzE9-noPYUBtNFjFCK3l~l8KCEhpo0Qa~dCxDbQxb7LXzibWqWc8mnxm3ByjEDdR7xh0tVfxk5v2y1Ln9wdsVDVVETSGveqF5~errWcIAHuhv~dRlp0UDp-JHhM1wTw2Q3xRAAAA
# ebuild.agentoocat.i2p: lu56romn7lp6ggjtofbwwsaee6kcfonci2ezi5jb5nyo3vdo7vkq.b32.i2p
ebuild.agentoocat.i2p=Q-~e59X6aKZH65IgkgQ0ybWXwpmOtKVPHBWM9l7O2Nsn84nT0x-AmuXyxCsYKFqvlnPUnwBqrUs32Jc8cS56LgiCQ0rYx1PS5LLXVpVF~DfD9xIhIQtqUgZP2GPaDHMUsjw9Z3Gm43JUHC4HigXqyhwnewDI7eWPsRZY6CwTmvpkjr7WS4AfPyuKAJDqM1Dl81TBczz-GXnV7aDUEBnVfXEf2VK~I-rkBx-whIpbRJaUnQ6y2IRukH5v1Ie0xrml~bubSGfDumGUM0DoHtyBXK9u0cLUBhcFPF6Tfz8iGi7lBkwVdPnDwgl3sZyEjpbKzCQxmRfpZETOCmcALzvPbYVksBmy7Lk2CkA25Ihuc44CX9u9YquES32BKqpYU8SMPCmScSUWc8-aZRc0wlgtPXJM3TrCdt9nfwoHnC6DKyQdHW5yVt5xF4Lf1xbLZZ7rq4p~A0EcqIRlC1H~jKN4-~Or-M3agm0vsG2NA87pL8NfxUYBC~tGr6veqRsQ82-LBQAEAAcAAA==
# eccentric.i2p: 7qwl6xoqg542ee7dkgrrn4qn2ofe35a7h6bolr3dqkynbakkucia.b32.i2p
eccentric.i2p=t3kxp3lpReeyMCrqJ8HVSGzERdTmlKSq8oOZVa8DRK6-crrS9yqeXVx67NHrHsmJA74qVdLzKTQi4x04zE85KBlyQ29evRJGAXVUg60NfLsjjgdT3kyJWECGxTB0MCy-7nFJilrbK7eEB4aQyMLCF9uZCyK0hjX8YxNCCHLau3oBLoF3aJOiApe1a4flp9wq0R6yLl8znKtyUudqu3KYR8L8eLXgOcrLqLGoiwvX0zDXwMwZlK9uCYE97P6qAkelTMwbjJo7Og~306-ZjvNcsz5DDL3mU~GFtzDt54PWJ361E8eEAeDpvjOSGEW1nmSPhjHCm1nphsdfzKsuJ0P~gSe6BnISAYUD6gbr5cwu5v0KXfyEvzG7u3unRJ7B-poxAryqnOXAPxQ06ItqkDFpNrcdgAZdd2d04moW6AZI-WO~bsazg0Q7LBEJa9747NJEGo8QqFXeOSUmgFZ3OHuRo-vuS0ZeUNvwAOxPZggfGbkLYY7w6x96fNyKHYJKw3HMBQAEAAEAAA==
# echelon.i2p: xdcbe76koecljewojmngolflfze7yo3jmv5ufmbiyoaqy3cex3ea.b32.i2p
echelon.i2p=w6zK9m4fqSfvJck9EGIR1wRIbWsEQ2DkjZ-VI57ESFqLqbTIA1cD5nOfSSbpELqPyhjifdrNiBNAsSdyil3C0a2B7CGtwUcTS2dCG0tKf2nAbvpsbcCK17nI4Xbu5KqZU0y3hJ~l7rcJqQBR0nfV5cU30ZDrpQV6VL875cihGlnmwLFq6qSzNcEb88Nw6wFG~FIgB2PJ6A3jJyuTnLrdiMvwqgD6nSyeOylOgBCsNxXh8-drrhASjladfNrwjlGRCZTiQ~H92HIyOwiabDiG3TUugMaFWs87yuXnZ~ni9jgjoAMFo8xV8Od2BiRgCxkZoMU07FhgUjew9qtXNa04whjq5e~DpHSVkT1aV-EgUmSnMbN6877xBX3lCYOaoXTXJK7B88uLifbqzO-JhbcB-fjnvcMpqUPPBZFKU2YKukLFWwMnUzeJtEYN0R0mt8P55dqTchR0g06IbiGLGLUzmnephGCeopeNBcpOvFJ34Ke5dJs9G5YS-lOIWLCqzAiqBQAEAAcAAA==
# echo.idk.i2p: 63sgpiu6f33arldcxkbjsn3jgf6asyx3onjmz6j6gsk7hgbiehkq.b32.i2p
echo.idk.i2p=75Mgd8DeYkNAdk6mrF0rOt3WuM6bYi3k7n3BRIp-np5-5-py1YTmBJSRq9EXL1YrweUpal~ZT~46~-lMW~zKHA46iTWsZzKFMEKFdfoM2fSgZDlEaoalW4QzkQjbOVO0atkEK15uXO2WiCRgfUab0Gyp-EcGkdQq8FuF~sPLlm4xa90cmT6G~s1SeaNLII8DPli-XqZppSGOSArMSEYsxZPNfKs5UxvEeCrbUjBLCGhy2K3x926Af9bZk1ITIW~K70xo-rSD0SbDXO9vT4e7fiq21Q2LicAofn~Y4MwPz6jr0CUZQAHxwCy1N3OR0XYFsTI4XS1LZ3zGwVpEjCfVD1mQhCLzzIjRHgGB6Cr3xj3FntBhv0d9pBuogUjOkLEnmFHpj5ONE7l~3aUsR6vRYTUDfwnxXnIi9KF-PPyOAACXCz~T06QXVfaqzTj8tyr40cUqKIZHquaMZrAkqqa26KM3l0fu755UVo43MfD3f9zo3erjo~UDI~oP1bYyEU3LBQAEAAcAAA==
# eddysblog.i2p: ieac3ub4g5sy3wuhsbqfembnpp7f3a37xgcx537ytzsmgfzexnbq.b32.i2p
eddysblog.i2p=fukW9XNkUcVAFVZSpomqqx9SMsULRxYsqlpPSmnkWHPl3W3yNVuWQvujxwcEjj1Y1BdK1R2cncD0uoPrO6nQ4IXmsRpe8cINKA0Q9Jw4v-oc0gg2HWipUVa10BXMIwBbeyOXxcf1ZYNku317N2CQaSuWd5ErLX1hW3gEV33iGaSRlF1dgh8RHSNpMwKLC36~UZwhPM0EcsXPT3lpjyabAKSkC9wkFM~71Qbq8jMlydxEyBNc7BrOeUOgU-0i2wve8CyJ2iUjKvJP-fxzRuQ8zfrltHKxUlYtsxjhKZK3wTEUfcFJmPoH0OFRcr9vK5jll-Hn6bAUNGu6eUWl4AI0qEu84C8QWzKYODBcM1I1~AP1ngOt0pWyHAKL86-92jsUHGTubRlGccrPG66GVMyiWWhzaURqRN8RmBctoEqPW5woYCavsouXse-8XTYtPZlePlASu58NpJXOYXARpELpYMfHk6KL3b2gkIRdRgsqxyLZsG7qhP6NZjzsMw6U2n4UBQAEAAEAAA==
# eepsites.i2p: isskhl4ak3g7qevrarlmblddgr4ugnn3ckalwpjcvxafk5rjgypq.b32.i2p
eepsites.i2p=DHoGpNRACpcGnhB1l14ZRQFjnQtNvItX7~bZylgVaD2DnaYpqB7GoBcf5gJmjhXYRi3-UlOnrkEtQB4fICotgM0XLG8LHyNQVkj6rAnGSWBwX3zZaTWr~K6Up80AMDa8nN3D04coXQiL8Jn4~pcN2-7pxIL-Ox-J3aB8f3KthVxcuR27h1fJGR~BFqf~4ZdC7rGItokOb0qocU4gMNI-HWgmhUv-ucFc9m~Jh-BvM2nd~KGs7EQMtRxLgVJcj7G0j9chyN37l7mB5X~vYIueORENcKgo3OTjTAE9oHiVSZz7v11VVH3OynUp65QdtVXLCrqsqr4nJoFnApUcX5uYY4h~24dthZfHv1TjzWOuy1DFJH5mmT81HGQhtQI8g52CbnRgm4ItKQNq8AYPkJI2habi4ibUqBnmYk6g0p9mx1MsmpMmbQP6jemiZPpcVhAEjqJO-IyPyy0pDvg6O4fIgmstwdQS~qq~Sts20BWikhsXifQL87wnXtiN9e-PluyNAAAA
# ei2.i2p: y4hhbqzpjdcsgvz5dsgaytttxygos6h2qt66wbbiuvcpcekdmmoq.b32.i2p
ei2.i2p=QsabppBpS4uvj4yukpr9rA-009-wxyEZLpf3tulhPiX5CAD5pUitAqKWQRe0ksOijI7qu3lWHe6zPOFS-ClfeEzPF3PyW8OSLLZ-fZhDFHWY~qgpfmvlHXqmmWmGTZ77I1MMW0IL8NQGwz6Tvx8kqEw00uBPQEoTliPEbe7IIR4Y837493dSM1yiT1CPuoqLI37Oif06lF05FRye8jRkENMKax7PSucYUXEWiqAOaI2CQ3u6HRM5pjvvepRdyMhtJn-JnfII4Erd8sNIl4tP7h3L8dYch2LyjAjVc9jv6K9Op18VxfHVy42LavTbw51Z7M5Z5oNutt7LsQqpKgXN67YmtZ7-LFcQ7aQOGWYoH7GB1qs-cSt1uXWwmBEEV4NjGyZJFtTZ7nL18SsTIjKwEni8vUp18CFaH9xCPZ7cjsQbNGc2W0h4pYcq8g6E3NuqhYlFeB6IZ9eJaZcvkBFVXcvV8RFnTvRw8z-k7luVF1BhWTG5k0eyDGvv23WvB3pzBQAEAAcAAA==
# eight.i2p: gd3s5oigjkgoiavxzjvyqb6y4yz5c7paccgd5pxnyhu7ix2zk7qq.b32.i2p
eight.i2p=OgO5lblziP4INGg~pet3yzmQOZWM7TNaEHiEZJo64pM~oldQuYjYZGyNVUPUc~ycT0s~X21C8I9PIGDjrTP7LfG8S5GsXtRm7eKsqdFDafZgl1yi5o45feeC9byAAlajd6ePDxpu5XVj03qoso4QQSG-6o7os4ueUG8IV5ETqQfQTU-ZbZtsZ31vHuNxp5T-cVNIapsIf3oJcN75I00Jv3Apv0RaOpJrUg1299JvftlcXnykNlFPMDeLcd~HOUpIkMSuKl2Y5VeBkJzfu8TZtGpdGIuDLIrto2wjt8paBNL18lG44y03OVWlvSUHA5CsztJFjWHsYWDHLdOSou8oXjQtwHjrbNuaPWrZduxIEtwRLBgYtO-F6ahzJhO0T0hT7fpsG5lGoUa16~GJuIEf~3zmhl5UhQksJ0qdAFHaz72mN03AhPCAa~qHESLEK6tnoQ51HFHYTfFGVZgTZH4mv2s9j5qaIQ30wI1OLlRImzHjTpTgAWoSjcxPDfTDggMNBQAEAAcAAA==
# eleven.i2p: n2er74vsv7szwvsbsukd2lwhz5epedws7eqwahsmxy65agvjizzq.b32.i2p
eleven.i2p=cpOlKY9QspNF-k6KF1RTqtIQouklZnDLefSlecE3yN2BQm54J8kjrEkpzyXCgo6AUKvp2~lC0md9vbu411IUCN~OG8Ip8PG2ypeX3Sewt~LeZIneabyAFm1WehkfgIh24MjvAcaYCGQqs23okZRKIxy-3lx3XS4D9QlJbY8NqlmAvdLNcEvc9AXdj-auwSsfSjoxRofLfr5kR6-YZlV5ELP5GHR7~tAGxtEgF1rCwGk1v~d3FEaW~TjDqUNB5kGzsi3qNac5TFnwrkgzm4-NxOlvs6fUqx7xLrE2MfksWvsFEwFPPiii-EaLJ3PAT0rJv-RgYbvwumu5tnZ-7ZfQ9PxcYRF82b8N98Qj19GnN8fwlD5u4wZbuE2KpMFbaCq4ThXTo9rYu-P7~tpMtbc8zv2eEVXgOHNalgMYLylGaO1j2jHAb~gJRBB7IpeINcWuWO6Q7G08-Imicsm1lo2lzvpgecWEujjncVbem9ms~OOZ-dPYQOD4sG-7fYgRWlPXBQAEAAcAAA==
# elgoog.i2p: z6hrgkg2ajmuzlrddjlffrgctx7x7fkipm6c4hdzmohyn5wkr4ya.b32.i2p
elgoog.i2p=leb~kvb~~oOQ72fdJKcnUrF7TU-M70SLLcgjaU~ZCcB9fT9BcQ-YeLGo8-fjSylzZJe8Q00B~1uiVhJUm46~ZlAkQtWNasBaeb6ZikcDL3-6TAfRsxyxP4N8ulJvMPfUko7LCbafLXFb7~RX0TaVCyO9x2tECBq10b2Lv4sDkFy4AXu6~7JUl57A3QVFBcJwFdcrWA5MfieotUzeZ4I1mpnUTNj2LmPVnupIpiOz-3TkTojoerIvO5f6sFSHzCAwmfU1D-UMxvQA17OYjrBb6GOFp7p6MeF~EaFXIncmKgjbkY3ovARzswsJ8ev~XTQ3Coag6dPnNocqUS3vo-vFiIBwNiEcpBrAOLCbq0IPBGVycYvhWP844dEj7T9oCGPwZROePyyf1e~fguRVaoqp~4E5soan3tBNbnaJk1RKz6bJqcrz~diZcdKiSgxGPTwziS11OjheyqWM81NaViDfA6Z4lQIOd3s48otZCWh26LlPBOtwNtx4U0CT-uvStcMKAAAA
# elvn.i2p: vwjtedtgyokakyxgfeoavg535bxe7ymdvfbdwsq4iqngljqtqi3a.b32.i2p
elvn.i2p=Mrd9MV2Cs2~10BIhhB82W1J4nVKVoTL~CBczicoU31hkpss8~Kpx-Y~hXekHJ8OMq9uyl7EjiT2-yiT06QrDuszBTSAHSgLJjAZUdCkmDrM8vPEf2Qr2HzH1sJKYsrInyFsIkybFRUPzFN7DKSGhLc~kfo5NRO9cqWGb-2q6P34P1Hr0HxZonBSS2nK2Mq9o1aa1JtXK9yNFbQaK3c2E2EF7zz0VArFgSfths~Ukix5y6VsNll7J0GpY9V-ogHeBaqUyJewnrroCjsFXHpEqmhZV766LIi3cMCLTh1Vqekt6gBEVJzoL6-cqzTkEjimnEGAtM1V5ApbKoTuNLbQVX1QwqVaeSgzFNVaBIxdexfk48n31JWXVNRk3FT5-AEx8iEkZ-Jn0XKfRXFv63yvPAsJwOutm9DYWKPzpG1fFImtB9Iu0YoiNbU68nYyCtUK25zifm1u4NwwTqk~xeORDzMxxajPT4MfGsgz91mOqSPBO6KwP1L1r-puPIVRXw0mEBQAEAAcAAA==
# ents.chudo.i2p: 5ooemze55xiicrlvzjmz3il23dpo4fz5iqr7hmzrygdepan5m3lq.b32.i2p
ents.chudo.i2p=u9M4N5WE7JeCF4G-EwMM6qK~GBsdXL8VXi7YqmTGPbP8hwLnOAjxI1BAL4nUVVHXPVQx8xDqJ8-Vd5Hw7BmCUNSLN-Q7p1nVrCQy1scCEXU0jmVSz4Om8Gcgqo9o~Ebx8LVGscVSZGuvqu8GqNpF7~qmiww9~m1bDXh4U9A5k~Mv4oLXrM-mnzS2BUJ-gIr~w64quPxA40ONCQOrFTJZ-oi4s3Hgvka4R~ffWzsbzWYxToerpITIt5uw5biriPbGw0hLaDBBB~C5B4RXOG3dTHZMTRUatVRR0WuZxFNsdH5lgLvZWcxB0nF9QZdyAbNcH0ffsjj6eFzHT6XskmCUdpWHmUaa59EDlrT5iwTT9wz~lX6YLYaieKJvAIE9kYgT69JWZPUJ8oEMX0vC6wHt5cpoooPjzITNHvZweSb5fk1~WRYawQIZyYv-W6hIjWK6LP-S-37tAz34AVP9TrbpnGc3JOF4teboenx2YAlVfMz8lz14kdrRgeWXGhvu490CBQAEAAcAAA==
# envoicesalt.i2p: nsamcq2zidlioxlfuinqzboblpvrnhkbdwavgsvzmt3n3mhuho4a.b32.i2p
envoicesalt.i2p=xfX5~XJbdms4xvqje1rCYwxezlFjf6oag5gTj5I1Xax~~issxC3-evo7tzAdNolf2hsBqroKZ4swLBlXavYYSN2kui8Y~SkzDQy6YOgXWDJ25WE3vL3aiv2z3opoE~YZSsr6fbnNGegkcG2Cb7yl2vT7-G9wfYLGP8SxVOltzGpB7krb6K6vtLtodOqoSBZAOgKO0DhJD~Gw7w5DFB-4LZh~UWBlAM5GOLb23i8qnXbjCr88Q7GiPYSfpG4Y0hf6yFb1N8pmIZ-OUNZOO4ZHz-6BgI4MAMw5pQWAoUY1GGRjja0DkRXNkwFEaNHKb8ciyCT~t9cw5hZdtrjeGMemQf1w0TzT9ClRTqepaum5yN11gA6FLHnpaAO4~eXnghDcy-X8Wp8O7soKjN9yPHToF6WaLvWOFsTOjyWnEwCFqE3HO0mU-CBGAub-sh5gKvrcYnqKlHA6LL8APhaYikzXrzwjZ5Y-fpmjjEBRzI5b3DLpa4iprS8CoJOWV~dv2hDoBQAEAAcAAA==
# epub-eepsite.i2p: yxvzjwd4vin6pnjauekdufh7lxaijal3kqe2bhakuf47g5zkb6xa.b32.i2p
epub-eepsite.i2p=3~~ujZaItZXsH1rT-mWigbF8tQqIFB6uvkVgbZN~422OdDwtIPkRaZg79EdSI3fNQWRGEeXNFiv9fcXl~kahdhv9MJVOA6tfPrrK64IICh4OymfQZOn~pvY4KlkC9~Pl0x8bw4X9STw9cYHXdoUV7C0gZBaJJVNxg3Uf2464FuQ78SByau9tjcZNqTh2u9HhH4r9Qm1cdsm6GnbH63R-iooFMHscKO3pQS1q7KWyYh23seQVh38isx91T6hWBzLOAA5Iz-T4PzODapDtcraHrLEfgWsqd~dDCjku1KEtWz-6Ek0BQ-TeDhgpb2xAPdkz9E~t6uFncalybWjVhtwQKp70r6-ALG~cEWrHlHZUdFWqklCom1nE6mDyHW8TcWDqU2oVQiMOy1SOupZC7cGlGT5UU8iZIb0iwAKyfruAxYglK2vgC1YXyztttoEam-RqFwSK1kmazbD3Ksi3sO3p6rP6hgzWpusdftJ~PIFm7~pftvujLAZ3OdYJEkwVHqsDBQAEAAEAAA==
# equwal.i2p: j7zqkvkokxmpkbqrgrkkjym4j7kzuipko4qdujdjbxnrp3qj6ooa.b32.i2p
equwal.i2p=HYHf~J0cyfNLKwTLp2puY7R-GTeq~AkS~6X-AJK7J2qtJeoLOKxk-wUDvoSR-muOJG0gVEfRPlmCRXjNaGTC9-Frowv68W744V2ku7g~hjrcEP-HL9eTzwiNEYdBPrxsDMWnyab25p4E66QEQs5QAUgnWkOo07FWJVOSMLG-nQkPqe7ecCYmXMdMIpKTfMn036wnhR20I72UT8MDcydfBa0i1ukL-AEXA3FzJa-TI6LZXG1e5~HxBzpEozMxF0pfXI5gEPUj6Q7eljD-qPSAqUu5rMCVLcHUqZA9HxgrWQ~5dVYhpFP7LcjBqYwOoGMI-Jt~ti3JG-eci1VQtPshxX59lp1xOfEakg3WKi9Qz9Qg~zGV8YRCD8qhMYDtFZlxx3cB39cNnEp2kTLY4gRQpr952A-21Aw3KGkZJG8i-6DHWX17BurAO4dMbPy1MjBZrglSprb8Bt~FXPgwjVCr1XsvWiqwQXetSGukDgjgPEo3he3DEj5mJTlPea6LguZNBQAEAAcAAA==
# erik-the-history.i2p: ab2lon2qoyiavdfofmukhsrspmiihnylucujmwouz632f7a5pqpa.b32.i2p
erik-the-history.i2p=Ug-BLCyyczTLLGKvka-BR7OmwSZrKhn561edcS4OSfoN4XmhE786T~HHVt16ZIiFdt3~LO6zodO9RCwC9xZjwVNri1j2isuw8PgzcVdilktu~eEDBqnUkDx5cpSGNq2j53642EBx5oal5tSvlpi-rsmwS0mPkjjZa6ClXl9OHvbR63LspwoRgB8gZhzxYO1i5sYDKmswqrqxjyE8XWGTf91d3dRTpljGzmib0pCDoO6RfRq9bEIw7gQpaG3y3lKLA8N1j26y3QSJkBc8j7yVIYBTCo8VckSfUhTR8rqsYuKpY4cuMMUtIN1F7vk4IIaoTVRig83I75dG72qScWwziM-0M61yWVigdeTJtlHT1T4~g7tjkx81obduE1gVr7IKNqcr4OHWzMb-FxJCGDSHPleey7TIHqun44dcQ-X40Vj8ZBDFwsLR9l9xlF-7n4Ko3SubVEjcdwzcAhq1UHRZVbmZN4MR2~cufxGwj9r2Q5STeBEy8koIWJMGkDwglxU5BQAEAAcAAA==
# es.hiddenanswers.i2p: cw7ge5ey4ekp5iep2kaw6j54boebtqytpcbnvio2bfpccd5ejzfa.b32.i2p
es.hiddenanswers.i2p=47jYY-3MgouLG1uB7J581tsf2keezC91Q-~bOpwgxUepI8BYuSoWRs3GAThgmDVIShKPZ8O1maTjJXOK~sdFWk08Pwm0-sZlx29S9MCc008wtMyrysDD6LmII5LYZ2DKB0FUJ2f~5sLNLKeFshNvA4VQdaqgnMcbAdJWPhzg3pC0dZKYN10PVdkhKNTTujxI9Vh0IV2bYBcjXfY4D46pDIN68VGo0X0FB66AmeoiniiooEdRryaf2zTKrczWd8xI68JyPw~MePb9auk-7ftREqZNPue3E3x4KC6odX5tU8g7EQyoOL~HeMBDE2rsY9MkJ1MEy-QZ0PrOu6Qw0-WPMptSKIsUZwOpfV6KmqkeOk3c~PACwCpNeUILwvPy0wLQDJB9guICrTzogTotGnMwizmPCfl40~mkZwbM9vNnn2hEuVIVRTGO79vQBzRHM~hlf1cr9DNsWzeXUQUkuwYaVM8~xEXlczPMmZHc3aw5VD-VgedZc0w5Mj4eMw78LuU6BQAEAAcAAA==
# esperanto.i2p: 2yryi2eb72hnxavjpfot7paiminbzgv5w6fv4sl5wez55ventdeq.b32.i2p
esperanto.i2p=tPAQrhKaXNFVQ4thDZwWwUGuf85yI11yqYNEJSFCLAf-QcGiJHwAU7pIktfpOad8upFGgznm1nonvJbPRCuWDhfJ7YdOoGFMESoiTEqqRBsBYxfa8ljdF0V~KfLHumxHhBw5vJKCGQwy4TOlzKpfhXR79QdBvFKplOE0BjhZQgnpkoh~F7I9FgBHgk20bZNdqqytCv9PkU~l44miTmkQPQUHztpmrtaTPJTsciCPdJFonlRybE66mAqBjb0BXk0onURWUghuxKk8QibXM27u8izV1hLhD~yIa6tArIactEkvKmEgVPA3w2hJ2bg50XSu1~45nXQCClHbq4k5I~nZP3hEPscRiYTbvxjy-XLCZoQWJt~HTqfk4DIphFOThePRBhp4A0Ge3UOpbX~WBDU26luNHvfYvA5HLTPvRELiFhgRlk0OR87h7~ow03xl5MYk7L6zFk1oOMfUQC50dgjZLKpc~gscanOm7gYk3vqzreme9hLuPqgX2FlmjNp8OotmBQAEAAcAAA==
# excentric.i2p: 7qwl6xoqg542ee7dkgrrn4qn2ofe35a7h6bolr3dqkynbakkucia.b32.i2p
excentric.i2p=t3kxp3lpReeyMCrqJ8HVSGzERdTmlKSq8oOZVa8DRK6-crrS9yqeXVx67NHrHsmJA74qVdLzKTQi4x04zE85KBlyQ29evRJGAXVUg60NfLsjjgdT3kyJWECGxTB0MCy-7nFJilrbK7eEB4aQyMLCF9uZCyK0hjX8YxNCCHLau3oBLoF3aJOiApe1a4flp9wq0R6yLl8znKtyUudqu3KYR8L8eLXgOcrLqLGoiwvX0zDXwMwZlK9uCYE97P6qAkelTMwbjJo7Og~306-ZjvNcsz5DDL3mU~GFtzDt54PWJ361E8eEAeDpvjOSGEW1nmSPhjHCm1nphsdfzKsuJ0P~gSe6BnISAYUD6gbr5cwu5v0KXfyEvzG7u3unRJ7B-poxAryqnOXAPxQ06ItqkDFpNrcdgAZdd2d04moW6AZI-WO~bsazg0Q7LBEJa9747NJEGo8QqFXeOSUmgFZ3OHuRo-vuS0ZeUNvwAOxPZggfGbkLYY7w6x96fNyKHYJKw3HMBQAEAAEAAA==
# exchanged.i2p: ylmulgfskl6uiwac4hw4ecwqdzd3oxtwaemzj25zc6k5q4rkexra.b32.i2p
exchanged.i2p=rLFzsOqsfSmJZvg6xvl~ctUulYWwGaM8K~rGs-e4WXkKePTCMOpU8l6LIU-wwDOiUZ7Ve8Y-zWPBVYQjH8~~lgT-BJ81zjP5I6H051KOVaXDChdx5F99mZu0sEjnYoFX484QHsUkFc5GUypqhpv1iwWwdPL7bVNzr1fS6sIZvq7tYWEOymbnifxk2jC0BnjultNPCq1wiI2Y-G66iOHDvuLu5f7RvNGJYlpw0UYNv6g8jUu3gXYjDRMBD5OIxFUJaksfmml2CiaGjrPfXKEXBR4q1CogVruq3r~447VHb32f52aeYszcslNzQjYyFCdipnAi5JiNTFpzTZPMEglt2J3KZYB3SMCmxSLktFI7376c7mT7EbMIFFv1GrmcUy9oIyYasbb82Sec9y0nJ9ahZt0x3iGokAYekXKXq-rGPzgFeBwfuCHzQnLzm1akVyJHoGDdaG0QHJfqfW1sY3F2n1xaWrnKcqIz2ypemxVnTMFKQqm2pdG-dMsXNYiGmZtaBQAEAAcAAA==
# explorer.gostcoin.i2p: ktoacmumifddtqdw6ewns3szxths2hq2fat2o7xnwq4y3auga3za.b32.i2p
explorer.gostcoin.i2p=t-9SkpsdENFy5GV78aoHpCfgmaxN3UH9tkykKKhnFKQxAGxSS~TxnS59IA983-~6oUnIRx870jHMCe2IZFi-yA2A2ZcEzHnOTVv7~KlSqfJheMy1TW5ScIz4IWc6fZiCCUEyxTr6FX1fcoU5aEB-YQLQgok3mnxgsRV~8s4F04Ocl2MxfLdMmxdY6jvnIhXebmTH1KLa3wxVeESWjmfsD9ccyQ06dkpL3m~wuKnfHpydSAlm8HYV7BNWxNSRhvoW3JLlgV~Aghs1~uxM-zzY3-kDcfdHtxcKHeefSTWRhkE6Sg92pzAWBQBhRAjrfuRbYV2BOeiiQfsjvcyP3GCJTbu0oHelPBPnTJgdX5XRoHSukEuZOQZ3rvTut9t60miNgSrNefNdM3w9XeU07Mg6WSr8sNL4tV7pVXDD~yVJDwli0g0fc9csPLQZoJc6GTV-g6Lq7oEiK65pQPhjWPD3aiCGT2eY8OYIWy-pd1~B7slXEy4oAKYOgAxaM61jMPqWBQAEAAcAAA==
# eyosh.i2p: 5m7ygxhcdyfa3kx3wfjbbunk4pjey7a5zr5lnfb3upgjbhanrita.b32.i2p
eyosh.i2p=IOW2OF99Bx~mg7qHfsbvykRc8D4HPHAYrc68mI0xgtTY1ceA4uOhEvHDEI4mCBwZ6u6kezAxp~CyfcFq~h6YyQ3JW2A5HhBBpFcQU1D~yUcooSHknWP14vOyY01UP4r6XdfonIq1u~xsAs4eWbCScLGxl8w8nCGNGbqY~doJ~hGExrr4~K5X2r0WPfVvziFciSTnDzkSiXhOQhyhqqzB3NmOKynQFOp-yuRqFDEMQiTVBypspY-3JvpuAd8pMdC7NF81KfU6v9Qo0gZ8dK6vgASU6fLIHyI4NDJ7aJy-WOLg3d5jjD-1YoPasW5g1zHwe0G-G-EO0URou1fk2y0Ek-8Nkue0rVlosNP7On9Jy417hiARGA62xB3u~elKonn2aRxIG0j7wUfnS0JlNhWW58xjxOjt5m6Bu815cGJdPthbZP4ekuWfiOsNm~dKw87yPl3N1B4XqZNStqVuJBBvxd-UGf41zxrEY82BNq8orivw9tsGTDXPoHJ52A73Eq~DBQAEAAcAAA==
# fa.i2p: 6n6p3aj6xqhevfojj36dixwbl4reopkhymxmatz7ai5sroh75rka.b32.i2p
fa.i2p=ZZpCHxtzmhR2AffYaUuKMj0ZzA9m7UXxFGtwPMBnWBKgXhfek6yzu~vLuedNW8ji4msg8LKl-nDw9mbmHKlCY7rUzuC~rweHEz6Wq9Rj8pUQawU0h80Bmz1OrjyraoQSiFEEwxN5ioLtMtpmC3nPv9uOXR0hOhYi8Q-93mx-~VATvCqIKk3fEYvLcEce0kbavPHslsu5ggT5Mdi4YkjL5W9570nPySKnArhl8zaKALGd6SgN0mLuoD6HR2KJKbyzAIVvXlYdB4ktcnOZ725ATEd8FwvwmXKuT5iq5aTwSw7wIVr0Tp2F0TXnoWo4mDxxEmnmzHsWYz1gPDpQCaePc8BCuSs7nqzQMeQU8WnzjpRcF1z9I3xX8Sds48IQe36OzFWlZlE1D1VxJpe~LY8kuUPGyb~SkO4QIinIDb~h3i9jkbCo3-4eWff9DpMFfzraC6cAcaABslfMAxgP5~FRbIO1VpN1Ahew4tvllTBXtz15LO~34PM8egX16sbiGgaOBQAEAAEAAA==
# false.i2p: 77mpz4z6s4eenjexleclqb36uxvqjtztqikjfqa4sovojh6gwwha.b32.i2p
false.i2p=V5EeX1UrVanCQhE9q-Nj5UFRyQiH6b~lSO7qe8hgxGZkymrpHFZ5j5D9rVOjsogokon1bZF5NPlPdzI~d4Ap7UyqBR~90vhFxsIKednRZLdf46JgjYTZq~ct-Bi3sdpBXdg04L8i4dStE4jkdvl6NF96MfQKdt6mtYFeaXb0XhPx~04NECG5~y~mTYcMjcvrftt5uulLbT6TcGmJ0KV5Xu2UVnkN3zOaQEObIIDZT4wkz9jOqaiJzMHNJqWc4GU4ocIfwxeMkSn9qvA0Q1AXuM~z11~wgHYLVEFoN5k0O4aB8b1r1WtpZTojZ9ADThW89q~AcD981nIYnRp59cmyqBdN7X-71cBrKC7QfnCRJpbwoVrn7kePw1dCu6Bobnd4~a74abxjFeCxVzQxSTbkey6f~wJXE2JPAqfsM1EKXsdqUZQJOP0ngQu16srSpqMSxkqHzlr3US~Vn9EgMcHuDCkdctwo7stwn0UQ34sSF9sLhtmlHIGqatDhfmYEGmSiAAAA
# fantasy-worlds.i2p: 62a4xcyyhvfrcq2bkckb7ia37fmrssrgx467tlkxp32fjpq577wq.b32.i2p
fantasy-worlds.i2p=B5nxOn-WuxGDiYy4zIpybjJLQdtZddACxNd52d8ytC8ZVcvbxnxQosUtU5K~DysoYj1jN27gBUT5mE1lH7FLgyolJJ1fN54e~6A-ptMH6gwnqpn7Qubs6oTVZFVV6sHXBlZMF-C1byPmka4mqbFhNFKvSppAfKi8Hxfm7sMLsuv3jmhvOT-rbw37BlkneTfaH6SGn~0rrzJoSqxtaD2RN5iARv~AeY5xTANZU1Ains1Yfwcbo~AaM6VEzoCr4zRwCur99DoIGHR4bHe1lpIcrlv8McVju~ilpjUmeAaMqhrZTXVb5BV2bQIGwnkJJIQ-GCb2gOs6lCrL9jjr6WXguxGNvr7xJIPY-xkZ-Pl97r1cbAVQctuJX-AKVqTLIdR1dbLG66QDwe41ngteGyyJFChNElgeF9xjZ2qPo9SoNVBdOjFJGe6~2TCCv2R1SfjDpuDFS45z8w9C~DXOo0Z7SsBlBflvEgNohqVzL8VGh9tVWaqVkhicQEUOynF7ZJFjAAAA
# fiat.i2p: ldnhzi7emxnibjz6g55k2nyywzmcufnst2jy67e75o6dlvtx7wia.b32.i2p
fiat.i2p=Jlb9YNoi2pM078grC~fT2xYijAUQCdQ3yXGNcanoEi~WEuvXHR3g34hzzjsm1MgyrNvcKOyABp7JC9HRtcK8F33~4DUS2Log0NbDvJyPvGAtdUwuwQqcDvECv-4ITRJWoMHssDkAM~ntE1qcDKc5gqYnTFwcc9adzF2t98idGbYnrxNfW~DswyBDDstjmpEAcLLJacNXieZn9BMYvsr7t6z7F~TqljGNP6CQgc3aatd~Glm0VM7rTm2dZqY6-~t51CxUMK0i9IDDICsDwx0YGhgZc7s6gN23-~miQbVNGOUQ4VHATrDFczx~d4FTCOOw6Qt0HzvS1JdUl8i0H~2B~aC8RctVA0leQDMMyYz7FwrtV0V1sd9lSnjrgK4D0ZV-~GQ2OFLmCj8Gm3vWXdwsz0J5q-daomYghgekoH2-7sNbHDV4NTSHs9ClFE31~~ok-IBLnl1eh6jZ2jsIQalARm5T85H8oWNyJZ8WI7pdasEvsF~0f~EiwLoPltlqhMjaBQAEAAcAAA==
# fido.r4sas.i2p: i522xmu63hfbaw2k54cthffcoqmeao6urjyq3jg4hddf6wf57p3q.b32.i2p
fido.r4sas.i2p=JQSkqlVEvgQjCksWHYBeELYG4iTZlSYs9ZJLK2KgD~oboOkaKTYLgeRZHFSPsFk3lY3goKx3guwRbC0jsitmCSnR9QGAShL~wgrdbr-SmtLI~XeDKSP6Sbl7iuS1xgwyIYTFng99M9c-PsGojj7k9CK3yQyH8CjnJQ2oUtjiYCzqgcte7em1G60ML291EG7hcPprAKpGHIso948FcR0TB-JUfhX2XfZgzVOfgIyadf8r0LQuIdSafNSknK7tW2O8Ar3drUw402mJMaKZV7c3POuwewPfew~j81kTSzrbU0geb0uDYhSW~S7-bIfPET3uAk34MgF20GiO3zf~yWqFMbf4BfVCIsvfJ2iXfoxBoMMw61GGsWugEPD3Nb7IsZp7AL3rPJ09sVig~7FAoQbB~N6sy07~7Lj5oJV6caUgDIpyKNdYQdcMqW-9NyN5Lv6BmEil-kCjzOUmpY3Qo41KkkvH6v83XELwmWE5u169EKnX-c9OoGcbAryaay-6UgkeBQAEAAEAAA==
# files.arav.i2p: gajftpr47ze6ao7e3q2tb5xmcqneyaczu4edzvwwg2qzmnernpka.b32.i2p
files.arav.i2p=48vtYgeVnju7B2FaR0zxUL3MQXN9QjK~Ggya45aANwm86mtpemuEkaskJmEQaFSd4FcDAFIiXHfNpfGqoupLwNmtgBmGRcuVV8xb2W~W6lM0oOhovjB37EUaMWs3AI5aIES84QOqApgwYX-ANIcwa~Kg6AbMuX8D8qnejuhBbuCffYah-TD8e~O0cnyqxzLTmxIGCyk2egdYXwanJyYFDocomIVfcqfJ0MgjIHhFQtkcb0e84bxvDzcAFIpEDrzAo4GVrFn-TCu0Lyf2ccqmVpucFl0UGhuVRxEt19KLd3PxlfwHv2lmzTZtq9CbnfaoPntUPx1sf84QnZDmrXWhVK8p3VvuPZMxjyz9KyhPjrGkO4E0oibDlvKuMsGEm-GkZsKxgXo~CrdcVtN8suAwW6rACAuk8gq2jUMBZBZ12migPZ7miHftEkOFHfgfUiKBwirrw~y9Zi261WX4-EVe2oD4pkhQOrqOKIoI-vv5z9CpQ7PKL531kgkipcBseXybBQAEAAcAAA==
# fishsticks.i2p: btjbfuh2wav3c7bkjqylgatbkvqaireemvsvxwetkrifuvfa35da.b32.i2p
fishsticks.i2p=Mym7xtRsMhJXMCYIj7489gySmEIdCi02LWN7PF8x~DI3xJPsqvf6OPu1vnCidSLnZty3k6OW0r7Dfp00bHoZwFUiUo6NAuh1mSY56MVPv-NpAx8Ce0i7q01Id2pGNVsFwoS1BB5txPw4ihsBLbSh1BRrhcy-B~5Or~cXsqAZNrLftVz656LDA57LaHLAhIaZJuXmZLWWPUpVaKTKTap1IHBiPJ1oGbSMJZZSbvzdP7V-5pmKwSaRpSqknOLPtdCgiS0PeGM0HhOeop1Esszs4lf9EV5etXgFn0RbELCDFbBsLY6e1WH8lq97yG9ih~J3aZPDFBmg34ruvFvW2a8jL81UNABUtMwrWdE-YNH-apMwJwpVdD3~lWK6kc-8ewTEfwhJkn8m6GYxGWMAhIiGqcMiAmOlDX-fxmxOXAHygDuty9L3QfvTSiyG4Y0ujf51AtYY~PUmLL71Lmif-3PfjF5rrlZ91QW19~afP4g7YEquZAOLdjeY5C5w9zgBFswRBQAEAAcAAA==
# flapflap.i2p: y53ceza7iji2vq3oa7om64whzakt6nnzksaqhmkqiisk5tvqk56q.b32.i2p
flapflap.i2p=CRQkEJE4-nRDbeWLLuNrkAFyAttbL3fNE-kRh3MaOhCCVPYE99Mtoa-YxSo9Ea0GQ3UfMPtsG33v2ClfG-VArnv0CziPq8XKkYoOfmCCisJy~9wVBFk1x9knp2WqnRQdSgcjPocfbLdcGDvYj6IAPjg1yBSZ5a2xYvBQgS5zZ9cmhdeR3ROgnCERPVBQzjPlTDbFRlZht-7VNKD03~YBg3HYR2Eb1YB6N8IJUEU249aqCZQs66E7eEwN1ZETkvtzrfaqk3cR3N9v33PHl9IohGa4GnsRs2GK9fOSCeuJ9Bvz9-D1lvYDdTbgzreW3-d3A2mmJY4BcNjVvBJMl0V5guNVZwFDqFc0kmnNHg1eNN5bupsdWYKUaM-yShGXtpgnBVXUy2LJ70XHDA~vf8Jxc~1GLcJ4egZfvvSTte001fyYWT7ZzICyj29IkY~-v2OzD9cKynFM1TaGRVfPYyNUiy2DrgNqy6G9fcoeRLp6FU5F-ZAbPYwBpImvWYlPB5OhBQAEAAcAAA==
# flibs.i2p: ocdm33e3h5tdml3yyholj4objdwsrhlugfqjnqgdkslmgdzb6b3a.b32.i2p
flibs.i2p=suRh7Cbg1AeMGX1QxJBBTJlFNaxNuG6faw0CwFMCoqHg9~LUAonbSZxW56a1TIytf4UtA5IFZ50tnnok1daVBe~LTiAOTfN5Llwiuq~0A4Qo-50NAGt-PP1K5uufRw2s5VA1Nkf2AedphlIBvDCEM~xEUHAR9FQw9S5yHGxj0iFLt6iAlt7MiQaDOPjKl9fxCj2-joITWDAyHCqfmpSeXKRlNcqgvuUW~7F417EB6xmo89IAB5DDsZJDF1iRBEmeEYQEwWWGQqVQlpIFqTtTimrcEQojM~kHD7ZydDofCjnTS~ddnvzbd~eIG4tWJEd1UYYznHnbGb7YUWXZm5Up9VKRofgbFVqgxR4azcPrLuJpLNgPCqN~~Uhq7klF24raIH4cl3V6HRGNSJik1apnn1fGrUMn51Q~up-LExJV6KKPqbrMzn89~ILSzPDNkkNIVRMMiUPWeNunmI8QBbwi6QNEUc2r5NCZbMYZx5iUXfEyDAzkokXNvwaQXkIYDwNeBQAEAAEAAA==
# flibusta.i2p: zmw2cyw2vj7f6obx3msmdvdepdhnw2ctc4okza2zjxlukkdfckhq.b32.i2p
flibusta.i2p=lNo0PCOUqh0NoNqvC7~G0XQTckGiTt9VeKY8e2Q2U9bWksrhdAQy28fI04x5jw22ekZEfXtt4xQYNb6p9s4LPCqOET03upoupE77srz5wXqwA~KYkzKOvq2pTub~w1wZnH39QaN2ns70Mc~UKpoHyoQZxB-8sv2gngDq2jQlBPWPZ4owwsJgOV2SWnAHY0M5OBS~aKcfflxNejhljhVfa8qfWtCn7~Bz4xZCeGq4AVDORxVoedvmDgfiKJLmGbC56Qr9YW2uENh2QCoN8Klr2ws~UPzR~XM0~91qHUQ5TolIlQol0PpNbVHL7dEogx1mOoUq3NWcqhIlUuwYh5bX7zPXTPOZOqVprXpzAqNQVM7DhfiIFy6xM8n8UFgppSaZAWM0~iyEzi~iJe8rl~e-k9qqiB9DStE~3luAeLJyEdIQ3BbFQM4s3QPwORqnNIJKMQ0aecD41-aFb0XSn0EQQnj5e1Vc-67KYXSIX0dGDNk98--9Bo1ftqDYMGwizR1OAAAA
# forbiddenhistory.i2p: nlduiogwtutni5nwf5kbuekrqf3ymqmkor3hughjkckz7tvruhva.b32.i2p
forbiddenhistory.i2p=gYBxeIB4mTkt5R57UhPWrHxByby0dqbNqb9hn-p6v8izMVwSg7OgCee6U8zcRGug56M4cw7dPLhoXRMCXOvckOnDA1mPs3JnH1FoJ0IYgjB1cXah-JUW45~~gKkgrAb6x2dU2vr~jHnXtxk09EWsRKdnbEV222~z~1KOriZzU3aTbM6zra43s4R6KAteKLRCxrmsmO15Qro68m5RMCDRWDHPl1f5bRidnr~1ZcBLaz2M-DhgrZ0ZHoFtHig9Oy7JgVYtByZaVnSC~ZtXFQqhkwwXgb7qWmpSD0JL3nP8BXEAwWlwsTqCMi0pTfcGfnZLuxxOLI9FJNFMm6jjq-q6OwF9TzQjdbXZSYMQxh2Y4qPcMKBlSxCxw9fWoj7lHaZeUE04L6ceC6ES-RbT-ONX7LD0g1irWKbq4j5XE4pP6q7ayV7jga7-OPxo-0ehyfrYPhGUBDIKYndEXeCO9GCi8NHzDSmakVUCKr4g2I5pq~VZoM~bvwGqVZ8gcFWGmBfWBQAEAAcAAA==
# forum.i2p: 33pebl3dijgihcdxxuxm27m3m4rgldi5didiqmjqjtg4q6fla6ya.b32.i2p
forum.i2p=XaZscxXGaXxuIkZDX87dfN0dcEG1xwSXktDbMX9YBOQ1LWbf0j6Kzde37j8dlPUhUK9kqVRZWpDtP7a2QBRl3aT~t~bYRj5bgTOIf9hTW46iViKdKObR-wPPjej~Px8OSYrXbFv2KUekS4baXcqHS7aJMy4rcbC1hsJm3qcXtut~7VFwEhg9w-HrHhsT5aYtcr4u79HvNvUva38NQ4NJn7vI9OPhPVgb5gxkefgM1tF0QC6QO1b~RADN~BW~X2S-YRPyKKxv6xx9mfqEbl5lVA1nBTaoFsN5ZfLZoJOFIVNpNoXxCrCQhvG2zjS-pJD2NF6g0bCcT4cKBWPYtJenLiK3L6fKJuVJ-og5ootLdJNBXGsO~FSwdabvDUaPDbTKmqS-ibFjmq1C7vEde3TGo3cRZgqG0YZi3S3BpBTYN9kGhYHrThGH69ECViUJnUWlUsWux5FI4pZL5Du7TwDYT0BwnX2kTdZQ8WGSFlflXgVQIh1n0XpElShWrOQPR0jGAAAA
# forum.idk.i2p: bg7kaiqjcqqeuuwb5nyo3ptcp5dgza7mihtizwqtnz2itombg6da.b32.i2p
forum.idk.i2p=YJ0nR6pYj7V3MFzalIH5DIeNm-NL1VxPL6enJJMMZQHizVuNXB93VGRXI5U6Wr5Dl7wJiEUrRrcIJPHb9ntXZOzNt-DAcGr0tPFIOkXMo5d7Vpc1qwHU7M9ugnPogHO5Lf6nBWGyZvSkmwfYq69mIqkhnx~BtCn~UPgliatfV1mwjpXz4jXGMpIgA9N5qftUo91qY2kBI~n0SgAljPLorasJXc4MaI5EDX5-poalIhqv9TQS3bcKJ4LWr8-G2XCVG02fCRfCk8IgdFUKUz1Cmw7khfjW0d~b9HdUxoNHddBJd5ziifePUax6ec7ULF6kKB4kojZxJry8sHPM4845ZXn5A~QNCr9dfoBnESIi1DlEd9JoUVzLIdUGXDaBo0zWV8qfBFWvRGi0R6EQUoAzCPxIf9gyDqbaq1Xp7eUdIrPfm5ghFbRaKSI7v1CYTO2q~QCooW-mzeenJYFbADINwZAlyy~RmrXoOLaCTFLGyWcVW80tbLhETLnoXh7mIhK6BQAEAAcAAA==
# forum.rus.i2p: zd37rfivydhkiyvau27qxwzmerlzbqtthsa5ohtcww62zrygjaga.b32.i2p
forum.rus.i2p=-iwKsHhqtu6USXr-AbdszShuGzTr2dukFKlfEzihhUIW3EnMIrEkaaoTPGGKKAyKKrnOwesuPuenE8zFWTtqi6nXOa8laKHQ6DtjovwRxuO5XsiCvZBFjxyVD5HTg9C7hUpr5gvPUzBA7HRA-1E97lMFhoCXP9QSqDvDghNnUerxsfLY0ai2PUJ4tu9W8-b30~GvxidxB24pqqyoixcWb~qiRPd2~Lh7k2iDtk2g21q2YSa-GozPCKGIJXPUoBPbIHJiIcpqvkFf7OaWZZUCO9MoWjEywU7Glo8OwjvZiVUH~p-9gUCEznyNBAjfcdFllxc3vPwmWRNVl455MzKDkHHoOXCi7jIRKhgUzQkdQi5cIuVThrz6dy-NalWf5DZ9RvUKOZdDIUTlave-~M8fR6JB~CNoDlRCh~Bf5e~gB-fcdI6fvtEobkw977dphnDjRdquNjEDatVGPdGJeONsWZ0d0TdJXX9vieuierjNPt~tEnrHkAfXQAhUuWazicx3AAAA
# freebookall.i2p: yfjuhv2marnygiw2kdjghdo7jzlqf6zcoewcdiyzq3hkz2jb3s7q.b32.i2p
freebookall.i2p=9pc5Als0o3flBA6RL~U6SNEDP3LMsE9ME59QtCHQ9J0~MeaM2o22vbHL53CIQWbSh4o9VPlGPwyWNRwHEbrb2-1gTsEh~ZQvnVEHffrq0DFYTPOHMu5zoP8r8VIdE8FHqCxFoRpcgyMb1vRFNCb5gb7j8XxQbD9hrkWTPvIEIxTbsoUI8s7tZ0QeX1-zH9CHj9mV~DN2H1J~4IhLrvwtyV5MWBw83IZTSJQAultQOOSzv6uvcy8I9we8-6UPpzIUlG9V3up3A~PSCwz7VmBvYjehg0OASpWxpC-ehe2HxN31etSZRWl8AJKZ-eE8JQ7~6n56k1skY8KGsQ6UfLVJieuHFyB-OCZtZd7iKN-emZkcOCFMONemoelWrr5Gq1i7n8UWGxhnNPIgDxbaQUXllemrxtHVwtaANKX-TCRZb73yOxn6KSdWiBqGWtjYMsUZXuoAKol4iRQeIY30zpMiDKlOSn5QjZvZi3XKXqj9HtU2hA3b20b9TvppucUai9zHBQAEAAcAAA==
# freefallheavens.i2p: 7etudb75nhe6vxslitptjlwrnbybdshvzxnweuiepsxbbkkxy5ka.b32.i2p
freefallheavens.i2p=MWb0A1tppljINBwQW6ABrYh08p2lfTg1jUhr5x7O8QKQy8Fgh6Rcj1bAWW7qvwek6HbBrm7XEl7wJ5FANyen~m8TuoTY2zRGNEbcZ2rz-pDcJPAO88Wg2MRGqKn8xFqUItC7j4g4MmxFsDhWwIYSEEL~eSLUxgjhRxQlF~HstI7iifIVpuBaxVTxWzeUDYBiGDOtNmKq7W~mqRf3H67JsR840PonPYz2XRnxCKt~OAUK1noSe~QEoPojuPt16BAdp0cfL--Y01dMFznmG7lVCaN5yD3YrB6A4qcKVi8A2dayKPRXbsOYm2DEb5H45YdJjr9Pr6ktBQLFDAYQXBa8KYo1xpAFJzg32ul~ZKQEN5SU~w-OwlRmzdhV5VHjxDLKmTsLvpwy8OvKgaLrq6RUutnJGwL0QM~dLpdwYzRzSJxaoWlMatU915lD52UEbQNLcqebvh~qiK48xxOD8ir1chqWOPgbQ9P6EYSkcdCX7qrPdNUi~WTy7QhkwlJxoORQBQAEAAcAAA==
# freegram.i2p: euatsdg24n3j52gd6ptc6gd7hhynl2edpshqyzbehmimpvubt4wa.b32.i2p
freegram.i2p=aRXTEm77PNXQdzdXPOJNfeiSQZBgSLjYWjeOZD2934cNyF-O~eMlcA4NG8FveAa1VF4nn~5ImEKcflzybZla50engF~ck4PiphNXjfewuAR6SvbuLmW9bT41b5bJInxF9TExZaLK1V3g0u2~CwB0JiQ4LY02tAnlYfFMY8NkSHvdjwCm0ezSukZCq04Pj0q7e9cLm08wp07tl40lki10yY~mVc-G3z1OrIXf422ma9DN3eZilBpJ0e53ij-UciGpeFR3XdYXH6pRBVhPLhHVlqC1wgARj7ltKzLf-45JReZUDP6lpekvFT2yT6nl3~PQnTL2F9gVYdzry-8UZ1QBkhcj~IP4IEZSm-tbSf4KtQAmFsqFyLk01gLTd0PdWoezQ9AP7QWdIwQabD~FmiCVSH6y5oE2nL6dZViH96fFtgk-v~oH5~8kx62cFp09Bt5O6ZAPJ0XIM0kIH7GyfLmDCiP0NCL-zJjGFwZHAU0YKBo1P0V6VgnOtQnT-rxKdmEkBQAEAAcAAA==
# freenet-inproxy.bandura.i2p: rblg2sajac7winv4mgvnkfh2fa3nt2zxfvxfiybj76okpwdrt45a.b32.i2p
freenet-inproxy.bandura.i2p=k8gTlLa5kwrNjuUQFfn6AiNY0wlGwHFZ5K7uZ841rZoKMsNooD4yIHrjsIBdk9kJc86ViPjU8GGGiEo~GC32~-FJQSURmlCNUjQiLVd~k6-cYJsT~rY52M3uRhhTYrMfwnlDiD~ZiX~rK6WaRHrHBEEDh0DgPj6rSWBzJP9fZZUwWMkA0wMMw-jUDp~S7aO5AmsSzSS5fOiB-SqVyZ4zJcBlgwmXqS7-hKie1oAbX~VjOjmd1vWPody4fHaQylKr5c4FAw6RliPofmS7YZjHIBbQhnrJZ40q-tDbWI0K~5ie44AgPPixXQUHdAEaTPx6sfhqrrd8DoYAx0qB6tHM1mOMMessn3BwNsSZoBr1jrhLVz4uRd1Abr-iE1Sv0NYPQEvdQUImqH1dCA2tI6eeSwl2TZiz7c1iJDXy98e~w3ug9gPvw~d0QlQgfn2tz7tHNEqghEUP6bT9KPgsPwfp1hCP4gDuw3E4ghABKeRubJF8r1VqYEW5rT35sn6NMRTgBQAEAAcAAA==
# freifunkmobi.bandura.i2p: 5shuxvx52e3qszylwn4w7qst4siap3latyap3ff7nfnpjgllkcea.b32.i2p
freifunkmobi.bandura.i2p=-p9Iqamyvk-8~BbyXxoZjNSobFyIz4fPp0l6U9LivoRagNQekz7NW3XG4-fv4NQMiQ1iv0U-dHIGrZbmVJYVml7sBLD02cRlUHnS8FLaPp0U7aNRT93XFm1lUiLSLLH4xftO0HAKN-b4Ji1ZLcMZkD6io10lWyikErkL5oVmJv5H0I4vJn63lpDGjeL8coTtCIxRraNdq40HN4EwmElUCxTWFf5yAYc7yGlLKMS35EJv7L10tJmnzYRafRVLD-~VOc~7oLZittqFs~vj9WYFr~Rxa9AArIb9F3EmOCb11lFASs7dCZbU8AfXAzMS5r~RKAnHtxxSPEMfOj5v3xbU-pyT45GsByuCS8fInjemZ6oireUDAQLMWjIJrGtlJE-4XqeE~cvpLrKnXyHCad~KpLB21u1ANW~lEQhuMMJkMbTd2OcbPoxbrnpz31RVMbqd~2xNl0D8NE5Lo863FxpEz1FiW6EPOP0-xlw-ACZnu1m2z6NCqFeHadskSuyv3kt5BQAEAAcAAA==
# fresh.i2p: jii6utg6ubwxgls6jegu24ifrroo4qzbcizjfft2bemodp4k2i6a.b32.i2p
fresh.i2p=Vk4laEfTKT6Wnj1bkmXHCHU-332CJh1ue-2Sw47pL5O4QiqkoyfNwZZGL0Vi3F9Droz6C2pAvwz5TF30b7vujqw3zJqjgKbCm4vPCJblyXH9kK-BMMJG0GNtnPvog72Rz3a9VkZw~KByShXJ7SKBFRDemCwue8UPfItl0sL6MczzuMwlrvB0CNZhCCB4pKVQ1XaBfxtnFONhJaamKN-FYH1Q~oPlUBQektxkbs~CCwPYlclMKHcMdAKRnjyvvr~S7LDbcEuowewPFzFmvqTukJQzJ05QJkiI-gxnNLZa4zuVXsyNm00PJlZoy~yydFIjlOFy5tsqACSUg5hxqtTl-YLjGC0CYLzh5wnvjO8375XASySPjzKYk6f3B5ZsMv0yx4SSHxvmw0o2cyllGwJaAcqZHf-xVLffuHSRhFu8-7d-gXe8OUqbObc74YVz~dsubR15y3VgkiQthpoilvDGUPWAespvLDmqj9igSOXScZ8rqNhJ~SzA4noTAFZL92yXBQAEAAcAAA==
# fs.i2p: ah4r4vzunzfa67atljlbrdgtg3zak5esh7ablpm6xno6fhqij35q.b32.i2p
fs.i2p=bZQQJg3LYPLjV9ZP8eMBxX-WG4fEI6BezVyhHTLXweQKHAAJYlEp9qvgvIXz8da6DTmI2Q~BZSDIiwm1~KpKJXlSIYP4xOrMCqFyfa~VOnVe5fe9bCdnUbtbfsy0onSiPdJFgjW3Rg~gJOQ7Nq3OU9Uqyit1UV6OKlVPLHaPsuz2wbaTxMEXgzKFYCCQmfWbTB2n08tqVZFVwWwiOHrg7KclDU4ePEIQO9lRxl1r599vMeCmUR47sMan6d~cX-Fw1-OqiAxbFHzFn0Spq-V5yKCaAnhZg7~F1Bxt2qTKtxX~Ltc3ud8Sc~sIFzlSy2BzbVG7-G7wpcHiZkB93C3upY1273Rt9d9YKFy~8r3IC3-KZB339RNDIt1jdvv05UoM3gQ57~FGK~p4V71y8OzV~ZthUlr5V8uIwM8vdGhYs-1-ULZw8YPGODhgOYk8Bnk2PvsgijI5j6x8LsNfYnMCyMQS5Aotgz2gk6eVD80rgzoiGnkxnZJ7al7FfO1ChLFbAAAA
# fskn.i2p: nx2uzyxx7424cwj6vmrekjka4hplvyq53oljkzqbkiuzghmi2ayq.b32.i2p
fskn.i2p=ESYVU0q-cbog-u1s6vn6NDZsb5lUPgNVMaLarYmkDjyYJKMe-cOqwbDeUcht3lgpupowEQg5NW~ZkNQANWmm01fJ9a2rQcJAEWsNKB83ADwbs17swfcs392AoYx6nFBfWE33HYZyHyA555qovxQXoBN5iQBuYfmpLJFoMqB-bHt4q9E-3FmSo7gzJ9dCDpcEQsZSj7mb2DQY2vlD78JN0XB3yczwiOZKHuGo9YOELYVboA5E4rfgh0H4mGhVGc3jt3rwmG146atl6n2IMGxfDO3LQpk76Dy~dREN2H~ORuAM4bAnZGvPLDNj2Fn8UvIsRdFjYkiu1YQVt-jp~96zioH8vFrjjNP4yAzPfkII3fI4yPRgyEmrShaqEVDeiAoyqFDGNDaSYEqBeEF1VZzv~PP7mYY9fgr9lD7o~8Bn-CisMJD099k8OwZbYhYhFw5FjuJuiE0-AGFPV-RFY1uSX0LhwCK~jMoAnBxqpiWi7Sls-cox3bZ4vIZvoVsKGAZ6BQAEAAcAAA==
# fsoc.i2p: vaqc4jm2trq7lx2kkglve7rkzxhhaptcwwl32uicx4ehf5k3hx6q.b32.i2p
fsoc.i2p=qzW3iWs82P0jMYhCO7daiV2UzYV2JcyPYRYIk1y9V-1QPkjIYxgYdWsZow0EWjgX4eed9cAZBTq4wRztCLKgkN9Zb8BB5KYrpiaSeMCSmLsPw7czL929pT9sLodh0xpM8pf26akjOAgl7Ph9LwnofftzuodHunoyPe1KytsicZwynePCDC3KyEFSC7GoxT5052VDR-CQE3hkgtKcibam0DS3~-NIfo~QePIOfcaJL3qYpLY03JKJ2VpzLHkNnr~oLiP4YB8IZuTWKi98jD60PNqG7zGgOHXEYima-5sWtSjHieFQbNOTMFXx2Qf~8kEJ-gwMNS3ag1jYOLbU7hhyByS9bREnX72Y36Hipbd979KS2vAgCFdGusM58bW56EOlYUK3G3cpOtEki~NRScZYkhbP1mDE6DXg7puwnzoxwdLOCBaYnQ3TRlyaaApekOrDPtRXDT6p2uaheDnqnRVTAQI4TkW4zcBf4CA3MIISbZGlztfVbNR9N5AP9fzQdsxDBQAEAAEAAA==
# fuwn.i2p: farkjfnlz6grt55rupbabuhfkvhi7pivwdfwztgcxdklh3db3mfq.b32.i2p
fuwn.i2p=gYYVZA5T8EFgsPKLXkTRH2QvRW192rp39bPt1ripbxiXRofE3Rb951wz9nvRicZ3C~e3HYjvcTsKH9sxsrlyK7vuNiW4bsr1tkNTJ3buW4gKawJVwxwGZ-NPX1k3d9s9U5J~vFr-djEA~DLwe1osLmBzdRaaYOD9jFJp2xcSxl1yScB6~5Jmzd634VO-8~VfOmexiVoRsq9PP-dD8qIAfvvEofRIxFEQVrtQCMCzYbk7A67afuGNjIdZ8lagr-v3NCM5FPhC30rEQYq1JhV7ruLz2N~~HCeq3TpGMHNznTt80G8Zj~h9Q~XHE5VezVHr7REjz8Wfnna7y8fXLNjs7-on66szdKhQ~YnJ1eKbOqTxS~ekQFc5rss6EUNgy64y4YVfgXBMbA~dGFL7sRbU77yIptQAkPNUbXmSn6KvaX~FzHONMRpaRigc76zIDi2T-jywWNBHbVWZL-OFJbYSGX3V615MG6R6bPt~hA8o5pbiqWsk7nLRJ2ZlrO3m4cEaBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=JHVJw1clR3pWWAKHXfXnLB6AOll76ogMs1iduf3L7mv~AESIVzB6LNEdUyAWZOF7D~BC~ATGBPP14~cn5aAcCw==#date=1628331108
# fuzzywuzzywasaho.i2p: un6l676ajpavtxeylh4rxykmyk2xokvw6mwi2dzkxmqvrabv4fdq.b32.i2p
fuzzywuzzywasaho.i2p=3NTkefUm9HAOLtNS9R4OvtzdJZvqsn1omvaHE9EobZ5XEnv6zQ6psmYAg1l-u28fUpYtaIcAepDVNpp3YDJTDRdX-BNmujiX512bcABfVOnJMCsmNveQlSj9eBppQUqXJWQK9o0PY0cHgQj~Fy2GxGDr4uCaX0VSu40d7AhVXeRY1kCdMshsnTrfz~zFsihmYjQnRetW4yQkbywTGgTpY2YuogXYq2gJjUvxR-zNvve9O3qErKQNg0MachjZeroQ8kfeLDN5mdNOWIavK2rHeloEurrQuvL8R3~5ZK8HGXw5VuAER6J-BLWTca5~8ii779je5KOe8EM7e8NlJsw4AAc9x~yWBXuwgnpxN6~Jl77aM8~fXA3bz6jQocDwNT2rWWwGqWyDakgNlmp9~b7RG8-EkcMjK5whBPUcFnUiMSy8hEmtOQbHKvW0DRaCP3nbUe6BBZDHJXfVRe-HAuoQOKCBTr8VnBc79UYsEKr-sNFqeoo~2K8sgQ45y1-6ddzHBQAEAAcAAA==
# fxruby.i2p: lqhdnr2pvp2igu5e2cxichboqzcgypvrbooynzgkmoze3xae6qkq.b32.i2p
fxruby.i2p=sTFh8SQ66Kohwix4hoeLdUxXO8t9QD53EoR4yBwYRVkX9TcZl~QXQ6DVukMDxEAZDKnZI79-w7jGdUeQkx4v6lV~1CLXIwavTvxAEa-K2ZMrMIOKwzPnBkDg9z3ApYT1MRrxfVnaxBMInPTxUTMZESbVmRH4tofos4V8lgfsDbZQnF1~I4gs3WoIneegnvl5Vb~olQjst0nAxN8hLu~XzDsTuDmr87mlH0k-UlZIUQ25R0DMXZD0Wuzirg7BwyKgl0DPR~gy8c08opw3RwfwmIoOHRCGNTTCFzB1QR8dz6ZcToTqyjOqVPpr23aWlAfg158Pa-nO08DEjQgcotvmrLst0iwKxmcA3yGKnM0M-aj7u6ggWv7DBsxNYFshhvBXb3w5eCQhRmhbV93Ohea7J1t0CpctTjRTm~4BRjkBKUxn1sBiU4Naj0uOHk3gyzcv7NjIZVREavF1OPnpA-5erd0uEV2GolWbfxZkXdk1w4FNixluramMWUjcTo4TzHauBQAEAAcAAA==
# gedanken.i2p: kw6isjbs66uf7576fbb3aniokxtrpqmbegf4tf3xskg2bmrjci7a.b32.i2p
gedanken.i2p=ksMxAiTSLURNX3xuSVmbFoMs76nuJ4jfRr-odq27rgG2UZfI7boIwOKnnBhtP5VDV59vmGJolOPQyhsARzXjiYXem53tjIpYnlRVchytMkwMUJbTCF7bYC3yO5jvvdwICPIgsaLj0FeKPKZaTxwrxkiAlo~tjj3E61JM1SjEh3tzfG85kwYA~XxPTXE8KFXg3PxHHZ4WCgSyLf93FRl9chRwnR672BntyOTQKwiQzilSGJXYdziUTTZbxRYD6tPhjUISFiIrguj6bNr5Df6TWUL-sCntxpvWLBTfalrbKzS4NQf~53i6jwNq600YbqzVP7MJfXnxJeiSYd-OU47iYSvyzVshSXXOdnlEmqxXgmgWf-eH3GLhdjBms46c0VSLZ8MVngZeFVp0i5c4ZwBQJ1gr~xnsQM2qhuQG3wJOoSRWTFNqiTw3IJNZmPsBERwuVVlzKWcasYMKXs6eTGUQOFBJNKI7s5CggZaWtc8ncaUlwC2vu8UPVHdj-ztPWOT9AAAA
# geekcode.i2p: hzmyzxa6jzag67zcqxhicydusdev77byf2qoyxjxhsrtkce4qiqa.b32.i2p
geekcode.i2p=KuKHnXOm38STrSW4qom8-YYiPjWwSG6bn~y7jHAdCqz-iS7bIqqhXdJw-HDzAEMhamHu-EryHNnwxi354Ik7Ifp0DK0D3cF0ZbIDB4uioxmI7T4KU3Vwm3Hd4fNITCmB8oM0s5xmxOs~m9MtS~tMnw3vqHoi~uHnW1MbnTYaaMu9URMWvJjLu0TZVtKJSgF1zae73Fyg03aIvz-3CmqMFu0ab2v1bRvNz5LSg2dSclLFT0xWZXQ8LYh2NjFBsJALDnJmW3NMlYySyKAcJhskgjN6XJ2qHz1wX8WHVfJfBh-2dHMjVcWvZ6ExN2tmDQcU6s9pME1nxmljQoZNK3TAeVbhZD9GR5gPJFtSoM4IS0KDYCtflxSiSIzpLTqzm1Mr1IDFZ9hzZdRQHrQA1uYpcfY67E1rFYyjFyD3o2mhfsZbOYYk5dXC7QC3HCtotiPbIe1HDM905okJt5JdQ3GkXWYt4BfQIcYcWtabYK4KyjXYogboYMDNO8YRL3QRWhB5BQAEAAcAAA==
# gentoo.i2p: 3z22nff3orvgcg6omxo3imj5klksgnuxt6rfs5keasfslmsybehq.b32.i2p
gentoo.i2p=qnlXq9~~UKHmk-vIz3vKv-Mdl8Zc2TaC0tpMCG7jcLZcxiKrG1OmPbUuW6U-Mgyx7HoarEYOjWIqY0ND5dVppotZqh0-w3BZNrsFIoNofjqC8yNbatm1GOdlMLL9NCOSy3V80X-f~gLOKHS3HmdltOCDewOiXzQrL9n-JmDRmOpTJ1-c-7A-jmfKA9as0uDzy-TTP8qTpHlrX6dkdFWoor-ra3gQ19jHdu52SHe~Nswf-NRjWALbvTyKF4dd92aL0jZOIov9BNq9TB2Q5jea7ltvOzVmdD-lDjNO4JHFzxHT9rmX2kMSIkSdPYoAvPUhQ1HfASJZsw2yt8OUg7TjlIdulpFDTZu3VBM~tliqXjHByuus0EW7reieNgPIx4MdyvF8~NeaMrKhTEN6n6CotBR1eszC2mpzROjVtMxiBjuEmrJfdj-YskM35SYVfy1DvTF8b1cAI5JFLt9vMZ881ttaTpsvwveSnkiZoLG53~Jg7JgeveRLddSw36JI4qflBQAEAAcAAA==
# ginnegappen.i2p: kbhfkzx5jeqhfgss4xixnf4cb3jpuo432l3hxc32feelcmnr3yja.b32.i2p
ginnegappen.i2p=vz0nBZD9Q3NZC6KuSspmi2PWVopp7fr-ZOGnutW6NKDkaDPUuIoNPJqyBhX16-rKsFFk4IbFbTcHsu7PQv~iM08T98ddleVYaGSoMqBNa0zkVAUX6M-mRyVoGPDhmgfNqJs7WgUfMjSXQoapUh1V78uGjal2uJy5ThK6ti87yDBBnAuxvnonEokH6zswpRH8b8g4EIdWZIj-2FPRG2UpIHiX9hjvvOMTLuhTC24lufdQ~-G0MRJef8R03AR501j96LttSeKNgEBXDpP-YxiWvfM54QgKc0ANGXWGHJYL3hctM5wgBDVpYSbnPy9rn4EzGw0rR3K7xIMv5spg1-PGjfMrP7Qbw35SzVbyVmiM1B15HLLUukZgA8ATAqNkrMpME6qij7gezcxe4~N0zABHo7C0L6Ec9HUG0VrqY1wvjlsXZSjzVgadI0S09Qk0W1EiITlkjF0POyrP7RiMvRjTOYc3k1hHo9H7eVJndlLfKbwXXFH1qLqfrVtXf0u6XfpYBQAEAAcAAA==
# git-srv.b0nk.i2p: 6mopdcovd7urmuxo35wopbgsfpv6ifpu7kq2625lyi5hfv5re6ua.b32.i2p
git-srv.b0nk.i2p=6IF~9jhG5FrYa-jZhkK5JD49hNv4J9~wun4NO~hRZkaP9Z7mDv~maHif6kCOSvBKQ~V3cxC9HOsZEbZZPZoI6mGUvzsdOirnjgRhld51TuuUA6BTKVv82HXhVObhET5aSpZwS9hMjHfJLSE0KnoXyI9jXRFGAA1dsMLaWuwTjuwKpsLLkZZp~IAAPYJQc~cszkZFR1NbzshXb9XhCOxduy8bDHdQ~JTSGjmxB7Ea3E~V60gcyupniywdhnb2r4jWnfGSnfO6CEM5sB4jkmyhaZwf~SjaBmElaI8d2SRXi~C9IZnT9VEf6mGy2IjJdZYawBIPUgupgIA0SXiTYi2QUbHF1xGcBW3enLG2AT30YrBtpcDY2~r9H40Ycfxd1O6LCH1ZbT0as3oiWoPSNkAJRrl1HUICF49Z2oJCnSyGxR3Z~t1Awbj9n124LqaCwUtKEkOtgu2GrIHsxVWfqjXHwdoT~cvXRej1iT5f2sHjB0gEHoMoQjpR1SU4pencsY5ZBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.agentoocat.i2p: 5ihrbnmcoewaax5kxsghnmxh6p6srufhmo5pqkybdwuz4yj7efja.b32.i2p
git.agentoocat.i2p=zTK~wGtHkOGI3dqlxR7875tam8zKGuRW0XviZoTWXLo0fGPuzgxZ78Rg8-~0j1xufJERL1PXl8Ci8C0mq0j2oVTY9Zq9L2TRkVtbWewKl4U5UE9DS996F5O9SRDvaBIqn0rS-GU9nyZRpofCEAxMq-VTjgUYN9ZcVvL59YRi88V3aklE1K~1JIy0ziOBhLSm5PidfAcvNxWitlxft5c7b8P6rQ~jAMxt7wW4QBbFJkwwtv0Y0~RPok7aW2Xs9c701TkNVTPY477Yyne6SRE4ldScKH3c7D7ZwLurm2AyDHgQpDewt2WquwAuaGqaF9~wtcHBEcGpy5zFkh5HCodnO2dUPoMllgikvOXkFqHH9w-IFYHITKu0akZf2RaKHrXNSSA3AYkuh49k~O-CT9opAfqFQ3CXwQym-Rice9VFHEJYvA~HTs-J99SHeEsPxPDsW2IYblMfs4nJN~j25hlri1MZXeKYKPTABqdLdjnpL9ysJyxmse0I5RLfLVwWk0S6BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=1fBFyJomMNRh~Qof4xZCfL8DdlTtygYvvMcwT39RdzyWYL-GsSHla2YZVkOMjwZ41daef8T7dDaBni0meDNxBg==#action=addsubdomain#olddest=B5kx3Q1-B3Wu1ybGewo457C5YC6kVGxFqgSm80GKwahHZEpTPEBkCMcBvOW8KaKEn3-rdmh1yZm5bdMRCmC9l~PMiDONawuZgjznlfCUFpyiTNvQ7E3tnH6UkBhLd8HNWtDlZ1R7GowpejgCjuhwKLbtVxDtSZtb1oeWa-tuBEqpHkBpFLdU4lBVZQN~bwXe9sGd1oEVye-bRAJ4hprQSOW-N6t2Tg5csrSOCRmPXt~gKh~KlW4h4Zm9SqzvKQIR3JDSYxfqgjeMZcqM9kCSGJ6PtRLwq2eWTFMqhHOcf-md9avdc2lIEnFpgxOY0C9790qkvOdj4WFu-2o5rugc7nRSYEUdreaYjDgaI2idNi9sIzsb6MfCtHlC4ip~e0gZ2RU4-AwwFMT4aafT~dWFjUyvLdLWVFXLPU6RGq5J9OvceKuxrNvax534NrwFptEaEJcl8NyfNcZvXqYKxU7IuNFUwI5a9shHPk~qfyb4FEZ5N~EzmldbSwK4FbLWdA6kBQAEAAcAAA==#oldsig=LnhF-JDrM3qf-t03PLZE18-1pgJF9jGLmRWD614Vou-DVlJLFSwomAedAO9IXLqoMAnjraWEMjr7FVALFAhbAw==#oldname=agentoocat.i2p#date=1640582918
# git.arav.i2p: p5nkflgogwv4esy3ainup6mgurpugmdyufizhuufauznreyvprsa.b32.i2p
git.arav.i2p=eFIfcBUv3lHFSnglHfncs5XXtYwm9gCpmAYuio~9CeENBAXKRggPiY1tQC-otCon2hCSpr56WlVBeZk1txKuUnbjHTN7GBFaKW5wJEO2WmKEWPKdcjUDOYZN0D3TwXaYfiBuELD3200lBfDmPEJ01iC2o7B5yvpOqtEKDcaqkIp4vafDuPPumJ~XiCGdUAe~vr52w3Tbuz5x7wbltk-gUELY0-ZAQBos4jOJ6QT1W1lhycHPhAK8qslgwfk94opyIl2pkRyuJhU-2VHc6Fsd621VXC86YAMT1SIfTZlFpoGVCFXDM~BXaLvygFaKf62qardAe0T48Ax6GxosAKXe-yLCVRaiD3KErULfwZXl23kQzRfxM4odG4DWeXawtuvypOmTjHT1skQHU0h52ujye5nT~2bOy14HkCoCnxJ7gSj3MjkmWLd1JhBsPH4ymRmI7jFJR1GYl8Wp5IigMBBzWfJUEEjS7QDHaRo5TCZJ9SXz6sgkGdfh74~r8FWL559gBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.b0nk.i2p: 7uupnvxwwkxo3au2fdt7ky66pk2eklshggf7r6mox5oofzpmjata.b32.i2p
git.b0nk.i2p=L5OevMgDR-JgVmnVkizrhCbGk5C4kbsGNuevsu0OYnavr14vpBOyPd3x4~NsKShFArWhF3LK9jxDTCtqoP0dCTmF~AJ9YhtiPqD8SvZAQFVbm8~TdzpqYCVLCVCK-x~qdlOdecuiBE8cXv5c-L59YJolUXDkRh8u-hY6RVD8oYdPdfHMG6Wp2WWafJ5i3k1k~zOrohMH61OSaALa59zolJFT9TSqx6O2ypEBLNStqU0JzrT6SE8y7yZfTTDglxR35lN0fXPv~9vDlIS0oYpmI7OWx99gxw~glpZlhxuWgJ6Yo75u9lS4YJOpNXrLmzXyPZidmH1RzD18f1~kEXYHPAj75kjXJqTpheUynZpcJvGuIkoAzBWlVn7rUz-BcRhMEX02CyXK4IVx8adTCeW2W3ZgV~XVwryHSMaMVI4-Up5E8C4ISoJeJoskgx2rvnlMCqStduOsXBzrRBQ0sMKG5FtAAvALw8FF-YOhR8wr-AdXbbxBlQ3GP0VAQ0lYmv-oBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.community.i2p: giteabolfdejtdzblkooalqei6jr67imiugmhtsh6ocw4hlj5a4q.b32.i2p
git.community.i2p=KvtrmFAzrOald4YcR8-q0YMiuSViFQniYoiu3H4fmd6zEfNo6OSTNQxfWivrEaOuPYnvgWMooGcaZmOQTqkrU8RFSMFcnQfVTwbmKoxFJp-I4WFp6HbptnKf6AkyR06Zk9DtCoAyEzqZtsoRbi8HbPBq09qAVGyGO6K-XiPp1wqIuCM-R4h82QdNvzkAat9WaIPqSLo2DiaWxf9JNmJN4-gDNR0WGGj2OFVQPrt-UKqDLyHwDQHqqkYA87Ch6yLJCeuBY6w9XVqrqHubB3utuU8cU6f3JuHEkbfqkfe2sKxgNnwRy2Clyw6AXkDvamYVpt07qV7ZhLy46kqhW-9g~Es-B3puRiu48AHiUhNMpzgwFS-r1R95gIDCGlIpJ18hf2UyYmQYayZL7IICnkjWd7SJL6G6MMrt-dRt3uKzkN6c635SyyG-XhPx3sWgWTHoNWZYgvT7jgViGBYhOJkGLNG5jWwKZLbx6DVOgAgwMnbZQ4VaSE~RT8cADnvsnxOlBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.i2p: giteabolfdejtdzblkooalqei6jr67imiugmhtsh6ocw4hlj5a4q.b32.i2p
git.i2p=KvtrmFAzrOald4YcR8-q0YMiuSViFQniYoiu3H4fmd6zEfNo6OSTNQxfWivrEaOuPYnvgWMooGcaZmOQTqkrU8RFSMFcnQfVTwbmKoxFJp-I4WFp6HbptnKf6AkyR06Zk9DtCoAyEzqZtsoRbi8HbPBq09qAVGyGO6K-XiPp1wqIuCM-R4h82QdNvzkAat9WaIPqSLo2DiaWxf9JNmJN4-gDNR0WGGj2OFVQPrt-UKqDLyHwDQHqqkYA87Ch6yLJCeuBY6w9XVqrqHubB3utuU8cU6f3JuHEkbfqkfe2sKxgNnwRy2Clyw6AXkDvamYVpt07qV7ZhLy46kqhW-9g~Es-B3puRiu48AHiUhNMpzgwFS-r1R95gIDCGlIpJ18hf2UyYmQYayZL7IICnkjWd7SJL6G6MMrt-dRt3uKzkN6c635SyyG-XhPx3sWgWTHoNWZYgvT7jgViGBYhOJkGLNG5jWwKZLbx6DVOgAgwMnbZQ4VaSE~RT8cADnvsnxOlBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.idk.i2p: 7qeve4v2chmjdqlwpa3vl7aojf3nodbku7vepnjwrsxljzqipz6a.b32.i2p
git.idk.i2p=80oPWkYFSfbnZvb~9uDtoFvmchhH4CJ1qDmFfXvp-PtEFS8gIaUmN2d4eLiS8NGt-LS-kfJvyiezxUEjK1myFR2C~IIvY~UwPiIe2d2d-VrkFg3dt2FA2qGnf7YBDsgSby~TMjNREyL9lvNznlPu00E1bUpMS09l6llQ7f-xTYloQQzasmR3xTXLe4XEDAhXfGC-KsOhLVhT2BlTHNU0cTaxtZP50K-2grAi~xwA7bUp5Br9TQvdBNyWH1fbzZax50ooPxwdW6wdC3eMbI7qHCiEtF0pexTQ-2~BbALNoFU6HRXoYZwaYNwuDsPSo0XsguUJXOa6eQT90bXkbStqwPrA6p0WvRHUb3wgLug-s7FY~4ncz3lKPOX~zX-adCvXpYgHFgiJas-9i9KyaniNa0SWUEozOaah3TtAdXGRpufUlPm~jwBdFD2kYj~xgI5FGcBxA1OVyTwuWQRmisjf-1eJfsItr1944TKCu2kwgCTsBwX4Lu48ojjKqInpLV61BQAEAAcAAA==
# git.outdvgrxve.i2p: avkvjnzmz63fyt5m3cms5pro6xoal4ifuax22kjh4merlst6tm6a.b32.i2p
git.outdvgrxve.i2p=jbtN8OIgmQ8dfDkogh5dEABOGEQqS5KT9muQQYTaPkr0xcHyHWyDO3lEL3aztZ0se-2IQYO~fX~~~EuCK7U~Dm4AA-pdN9A--FXdN~b-DZrCq1UBbKKPdKMK1tHnbDZPDAYRvH5jcv~VQTCYL4jIxRkewzPtRuNtQ32DRatCfqM0RAa84OSIogExDgzoQuoT3KDcmyGR6EXbt~tN0-2HiK1kHxFYcjqH~kku1LxG1j2PLUhZ955zvvKTA7xIzgwA5j4EdlgaT8QdGngPeW1zHjMTglyWJYyDiXVUmQNx6EQISjo7f6SjZwShsFvH27xyCywl6RnPblWuHlrqWqDQ9TzwLfNO~BixLJNxh2yixia6wRfrGLAyvQecws0qHc7LAxm9M2Ur7oK86CcOGaJhWtgL2yFbXq6J69ZmSx1TKxCKBtqv08slk1A6~ygV2bgvIu4AgvRShrspNkovM8W05wYbUSh0ADhHUdBYbB6msTgUT6~8wNTJqWSNGJ8NtWahBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.rdpstudio.i2p: 3uhid6cjuogdephwccmtknpzfn474hj2dez7mlglk3pljkpglhfq.b32.i2p
git.rdpstudio.i2p=F67QFHB6feXFlQqQSsxXk~s8lZpHcaMJvlpMpqv1BLj3ZsrJQnUmBrfNWo6u2OjqoNs1ots6llpbdDpAIE~P5QBWxyeRxVcSBu08KvLQXFc409ZBMqOJf~~lzmsm7Lhe1GXSvKWg8MnR6yGEdBrPi8Ua93yXyMkU4VO3aA4inQQcq8vcPWPDyPbzTw0XogKcbw4EKt-KPb~4PS3~OJFwAL03-m0tAmHIWYSr9BhHxpoDdqGFUsXg3gkNr3L~BKRP9FR32BpCLBhzJaAiPixW29F1~AgiQ~5rBwypZm5~HEyYUGwQqJU5ao5WvrZcFsF7y~5V5recAO4JlgfVF-N2VndTwG8g8x5nWQ1e0cEl7g7uuRbgvxAlTJwhGsbsCny3FjOmhPFOW0EnUpU2FTNs6jyu5~uyXWjVkR-~RgWWhnYSz4H5-0x34zzK14gDH8YQRe4rjDS374LzQjhivZX5tb6pfa5vx-Y2Qn80lQl6zlxuG-kSuLSBSHYnHUiKXzLbBQAEAAcAAA==
# git.repo.i2p: vsd2vtgtuua2vwqsal2mpmxm2b2cpn3qzmqjoeumrrw2p4aot7uq.b32.i2p
git.repo.i2p=v-SEpHJSYmi~Jj7t6~GIsFztppakTNgD~k08iP1WhTY0c3XBvTvJIA6zoL5gn1HXi7lOY3g2Kn5OMmM3fdT2n4KcqIsMd~snrf09dliHWiI0mOldIhL5EO3wGUMucz9uvHSfhdyrYrXRQp0s5hT1u4m4HEdM1Mt1QgIUyh2KbZj4JLoRZFpPlWMsSoA2J5NBc8zLXUFNCUK1hE6xWEz2tGnO8rZz35LvNWmFn9cepGrDRc09dSG2HtqWfNsvqgDJW27x9wgyg50vY8Ilc7qD3YuMnwLBQMJSBhbpVBYfiBIqronAiWCvDqUOPI80FubNDt2KHyZVOwyELv-jl9hk1UHuLHqzchjU-ydqwjK8v140SFd7mHUKGEtqdBXg1k7zxmJraPKKB0JYd6IJaiXBjG9FDQsye6RYK5lH2p3B4O7r6uLRuiKR2WuY6K8Khf17yieqNlFO89FJrr-kDFmIBp8GgXTLEgHESsi9Gmt9SuODYJSA69~YLWbaJvZ6JJqzAAAA
# git.volatile.i2p: gwqdodo2stgwgwusekxpkh3hbtph5jjc3kovmov2e2fbfdxg3woq.b32.i2p
git.volatile.i2p=OPtAmZhLsqAp0GWEtTZKRkShqyc64k~GHAysDglgoYCLDR1JQ3ZWedqNFeV4ICrVger4WdPTouKKgDU5fPU-2V3aqDg2Jr-Jok~FHxr9OaWp6mwsq4N0GVymg11y4jm3eft0hw1NpqoGiU7zrcD9y85zMjVUsj4RrSNUHyeq1CuLT474-vbLRSrOejjSURYGhXz2Qz~zvn9cLC0ftK6Uu5aKk-b8o1Ab7d9hTZZJbHZm8XGniEY1UuOrHL0oEFuGuu1ZRrnxcRMED926qZPxxXb6GwUfsKDO7i7LHybF7AY002CFZQzDWt0lj-a89QC0e~NNqJzOxYMTKVTuFBQi~jhheexMFsnw0Ni-dylxsqAa9hWvMqMxXeJATQdi9IchZ0kSagTSvilduMsApy7vf2pFCkpkc~w-uPc~lZeW~ZA1wxvzm7V94nPHmLkS6nTQLJxv0rAsXl1XrPPg6mJtLHn46rIDkSdGKbWKi-RHm33mfElvx8kXuHz2YBZViozNBQAEAAcAAA==
# gitlag.i2p: triv6mxusoo37mzdu2grf6mguxpytkw5usl7wllrkbd6v4fn2y6a.b32.i2p
gitlag.i2p=8Kj4UyPnHy9hrl6jGtfBSI-o~5~oRgV06H9ypYtoDAR2Nqu3-cPLXc0~mnlLFyav03VDUlaneIn-AAmKQLvFZs0-K7q7YINdgN-X6CSqZ1HH7CZTVae8ZH0wuG1YnKV-LKPzlfVO9ZbgnvKH1X-mwGC50iFXPiEvYvMqj3vO0UZpCz3Hwo9BMNndXRmZ~PaEgbYVNUgGDSUrVKpKH3cOiOlrdJSrMCv0UA7HRacwayJXU7EeUBEl1ASh9Q72bT27-C-h-lEV45rnr~rQQbaHjfRXwSJ39Slo2CFZ2t8tdoPt9mjqeU9vqYsZkcksgmPcltphyjYTccXEa2OOGeyEdWy6ilGQNnJBUb9NfXNrYzd1cC-p2nDMUyrsCYR1tZGNN7a5~boaM9K0SQYAB-f2A2-KaooopTlk9HCtdCrUey5RgUoxiBhxRJlmlL~g9ipMwWGURKOasSwT2n87t6QnAHnowOLLr6ovWv5YPJrR3fqeA-JMibLz2aTZvayCvDPwBQAEAAcAAA==
# gitssh.idk.i2p: g6u4vqiuy6bdc3dbu6a7gmi3ip45sqwgtbgrr6uupqaaqfyztrka.b32.i2p
gitssh.idk.i2p=Q2ivHumt3AxJuYWAob4-NGvQbQ5P05QSL6B0kIgDurRclYgxNcBhnLxjUSiROP4hQOFkAd9OqZL00~b66iWSOlTAxxC1lOwHqpRw0UJFUwiNMZYskUIrg9r6eDohYQg~1Gxb50hMLp46myspm9jUuzhh8VdW5h6U7F8XksZnip16HwHJcPRqVHjI-6V6FHYfxsXj~bJO-uIFgLx4K9Mr65GQDPhpuzVwPSo5ytRWidxs6BFituAoduANhrDH2rztacHUVuiF8J3OXugLiqqrOemccbCf3jS~3Ed7euJvv3Jf46WyqETjGgjyE8L2CHJeiteFql0AYVcFqw-ufOCxm3yBahZFTnhu5QEEYEn~9izifdFqB78tKkjmGsCcdGLiTIcyYmZYycgIFrZ3P3gRdkGZI4OM5RfpWShdp5FxirIFxIsYMS4mpxGs~PAxJZGR7StIvp4lHYHBmErtzHKMsl55Vam2IZYzJ52ng0q3YRyFfqeM5GqxjGO1hgig4vQ6BQAEAAcAAA==
# glue.idk.i2p: ykbx7chmkivx3idmxd3lu2jc5w4wtlps4r3md57wszhk5w7jykyq.b32.i2p
glue.idk.i2p=DGmvrByzMMwgSfhDfxFom2Gl6P8bFH6R67k401MmyAssw-MvF2pz9MfzzpvUr57rUHI-eu3QXnCDXQUpCInWudDpx3dHGjftrAQ3BqFQ6uV80n7tmjMjz0PQEmZt72U1Q6XrELBKIUL2TMn2OtnGkagMfEVXhCDfGA2dFH6aefIY~qm92BEu9~h-qgCyHJIuoldbwZ-6lAT8ZWlPqqHJcyP1OVTgqU2Wx13rBr~EgjD70xL1eMZY7rvPPxuN5ifJHqMPQt~zc1wXd~gMHkyTRbibwm~Y1hZlN1BAi3CNSSzMZrIEi8KhP~UBTGQ1qIxXLRStT-1fC2NImjwIElSAj-I-fbqOfyz~L5eXk0bYYUqSoM3VRXgqdbHC6jg7CHbwkdvTIY0BoHbz~1KdLGB-pms8nL5Ub3YlaGO3OVVLRqVszlPl72sWJ7xtfWFDXaeJFc0Mc9W7x8Tqdm~OjpmwIu6lbKS6Kf4~rhVouOs9~DBsocrf4vyvzzjnI-peQps0BQAEAAcAAA==
# gostcoin.i2p: 4gzcllfxktrqzv3uys5k4vgkzbth4gqednwhfpt755yivm3davuq.b32.i2p
gostcoin.i2p=v1GsAHWQn171w9zoWrvCLrz4YZs~wb4NxPZ22XBhz0v0H~~EMeofIsHUBWVt5Dh1g2yohuZZJhZMwLpkVyPqVnMNoH~2XaMjz3FwdFy2wSDYPIsk5-VI9ISiE0lceR2wOAyVAya0iVfAtCO5q67QOI6fqbYGxAsAvcZJUmOgscrAqyo3e5uW4QZbr~HNw3vg5YDkC44E5QB7wvxkNAI-ZQ8umR8j76B3FGXIXYdd9nRNM1LB8lx1y2gPxUj4n3WjKAAWE7ZBHPvVGQBb1fpq71TCsJz02CxzdsBjD34UiGPGsW3xvx0YNMoDwE7ts~rZOotDH4CwcEFUFBykGXrsv5Dyzdx-sbkf0lV07An~r63Ejo1J5zSzcvx7aFNcXVRXQGM88gHdH9WVKre8CGGTOHra07~SkK6E~lVhmMPAsGILEZy6I2HQ9spM0H8SgdNvJbHcaCeb4-ABXVOPq36cNHY14gIQ4Eatx6On7j1tNc22gBzkbDI2izhjEUeHbiZFBQAEAAcAAA==
# grimore.i2p: ioujrf2uwqairs7l3vyvqp7n2pia3x3wg5w5qtcqvg32zezuezza.b32.i2p
grimore.i2p=WbNUTz4~n0hEfaUdE1~3KbVxuYKZ47P2JiBNMFv7~WhYuUZq~1w7EVubVD4YCSb4GtExg9hmAe12pqxmEhsz~dWIHE--~oNjjyMi36zNEDawh52Mztb1SFL11RlKsnM0rLc4EZJebT9Xg~7hlS~8fkUjm1ASgoZhmB5F3HisYirW0pJQO31Fs0UtBDXgI~81~S5ZecZ-mEF1JIpzgXkH9gHcoyTJxGpJFdBkVpHOIZlX7gn52l-A-l5su2px5LnY9lDXpoJFQpq8evQcCap79Rq8FvHiStRUgXFTWe1c7R8zPK5r3Ef8N6q7nhATS2Mpjjmumo7Eay3PF-SNQxvUsuUQHzTXGidt4opIdHbIyyarfA4E-BNpYPSetErUSMLaJZI-oW6BgqEhAOfR9hFEh1~bJNMSuCLi-iY~tW62TgTOUBahefbk8Kb4Byj5Z1TiAFf9DkiE87emiyH3DzdSD6wiKSlBknlhbNjdnyV-5ObXB7eboSEVMQzzBBN9ZcxRBQAEAAcAAA==
# guanxi.i2p: mvxq5x35ufncxpp7p2vigrjwih344nqqhjug2ybhqtkfjaqq4s7q.b32.i2p
guanxi.i2p=seJBmQ0b7l~4HIXUbjYtkczMpJuHvn9RbTwB5MWfYcF0rNEFn1Q9nMlT1Zj6ITLXoKCMYpWFl~tZQ0milnJG0uUY1JtuGnVpXoFzE3PtIGmnqaaUPfUqGPuB605hRW~boeDUbg3kxVnO75200hdfokm8XofXiqP0DASbl-qJwnBChBCjDHskts7~D0oh2UJzdq2ujJCZgGGaZBlYOadahvgpNnBN0jIGESdqHdM08OKUcvPkpiFYqb7tqwvY-ySO0pCOfHtWqi5hiBVMgqOzz3uwsWSyrLa~TuFROloaSHhfkYpeRrjb5EJiI-YyIYkT~6XuCStqbuP1YASh7LesqtQLm9AYb9BGnNs6xLVWLj5YD5IR3cuB6DFwDqpzuNYWS0Nntz7Ih7uOdz1NL1cPu8pzUavjTclB6533VBHaxdhgv~bAYc3wL6U8p2XTyPcz4hkZHPZ3lh3Pywl5QurDu1xAS-6PoB6hioEXWNhdysT1BqzvvW3jpDPKZibP8Xg4BQAEAAcAAA==
# gusion.i2p: 4qyfdhizjixe2psu7wcvqufix5wlijocehpb2futurcmlhlktrta.b32.i2p
gusion.i2p=hYJ48ysGl9y~5terr~8wEF-pD9sPXT5DTbrbY4iwaGFurL~7CIsJtiIf3uKq0ehwKWnOH9v-YIx1TI~M2x4j1CxOsKVQwMZvjX4olMoshs8geS7j0Bq7EuJYEKmsuYuKtpisDPYLFSHja1N5fLmEIoIfk0TsCkxX1232Y7tfh-n1A8cd2lvCZPhbzcCwcxrt9ym7kogdrk25V~jQVomv5zC8WApbU-fUKbQIum0emiOyo9KbZAtJItp7UHk9soc4JSvwyzERTiFf30aWQvXmSbgPPNb7ZaL3SE905rErQ~rKuD3VU2JN6vkBw6hhMm766XLYp9gT7TVQjEMPhIOGMGhnFEeGBUtnG89hsXPUN7XJPBM6aKuOLAv0IKwxETv9JIbup3ezsYSkt16BcxfquNA9~P0P2ZnIQFw1Ft69RG~sNJgCOML8Fe7XOlmpJVVGWA0hyyeX5RjhZhMClXEXXsBHY9J7xItqPEdi37bjZfChQbuLMPQ9qXzNR~c3X6NpAAAA
# h0p3.i2p: k5fppzxc3bwoz2mjc7q37jojbrxo6vtprac3dzrk4wapv7irr4iq.b32.i2p
h0p3.i2p=U0pD~uKNtCRuwv2JZahs2zLjNZu7FLwnYxolBrCbgEbhKLt6NBfnDQNyo7750DNX8sQhuXev6JUB8JwnrVGoaTdPW0kg-TKDnSJQXtj18-PiHL21LQifA4eON-DhYR-hZZtyRxwm8ZWl-GjKQQiIJOoEr~gHRqHTqNNRNwgrRGtMNuP~zCIBW7WP6wH-NRZjohNSZieLzW6VPSUzmD1LbfkCWJKonmmWVs05WdRK9jdH~z01bpwwJ8d~DX4Oa6im1joiCUiXnm9ElhNIKKnDjh2ndPXcDTYXOfVbJa1ydnz7kVDt6W2RnAlaqZBejtNWJk0IDjSH7XyPxCIHzNW65QDYce8vm8ntf6a2cu-k1abkXiBK5nUfGKEI882K0tl3twCVyJybINk260gxMZ93v0-ByqAu3OQOBKhpLqHmoBOo4AXIjM9uq3iyGtpMFxmsfN3S3dmO1wgG1fVJGKFLXYFubnC7wV-2698QM7H1CtFRs3I~iEmda2xung6khfuGBQAEAAcAAA==
# h13.i2p: tozb4vssixoccyqtgnpaatkg2ql52kkjwnsdo3dltezges2na4bq.b32.i2p
h13.i2p=QkbKQ-0oETvm3hqm~I16~kmf2CUNdUWKz3ybUuFTBHXMyBmGGdr8V3JfgU8Iz3rjuSbv84Mqi10pnXqhelyxaE3Ti21pBhug0pYa02fDHhhkyrjOrQR200X48KKKUeF~oxH3W6ks01tFAtDE8BWGAyqaQ4RujCq2~VHlq3kQublfVf5FbeEu7Lz3rqZU0U1WquuU3JFOOUmpWVTQZr1s~yopf4dNwZRy0MhylAzUvQRbCAL9ZMs0N5Mma1wA-I5H1UhRhOkT3BdjUMAF-7XkD0aj0QZF7xKJSmOukmta~MyF03Sw4tJ4nCrl1X-XJcI8mWXxMfPAPqJ17rzC-F92MzrtboUlFR5r3hR5SQ4dqBNUtcmMM6Zc8g3Xp-fEGSSj-L05TXLS6K5qH5Xe4BH6tBrr1w4u-O0DDxYpjHQkJvaNEVX0n31BqV5jRXXGjlDTWMOPAtcNhu7BTYqYvwm6fAB9~hyDrFL9F2GAb1hixiyCakx6UhBd~6qG19aSSmzaAAAA
# hacking.i2p: uvxiknnzaxtcijzagp5xuweua2ctghmjfubqdufxilvnkajhezaq.b32.i2p
hacking.i2p=8sPTESL0BVVk0ZQLTb6RZAay~MsP2yhSGzYgsqAnGqQviiu-doJ5Y8HWhDZg2OH-93UVdwVbWi-j5m-pQUpmIbyd9D3jw8j2RQAonzN-MwpZcXtPfY1VxzqO864uv2HVl-1ki5T-x5zC8Lp-3MvgAMbsYo8~32sI5-dV4qoWdE12N~aBNXhxIJ1Txa~kVoR9kDrn3lhRsGgmYWN2VLRWoEqH~alH8uztXFll8-FlLViGJ~d6-l8K6D1RWtEzPGmqxP3EGcXpkQWY8w1t6zLVXn6BRIOsau52Z4RAYEjJqOx3EYmIeyRBZMxXcHUF1VDmMotw3e3NUTUQRHDb6nmVyIo2J0b8LNkDwTCuOuQwie9dyqWiQEYkuTsPidQ48ep-AjRtvzLTwDRiuEqsOVq3282YwtrWuClsJwwBqb0d4V3JksZn72gUEU6CC0QJoDS45OSlxjUozAHahfGz307fYTRdvQ1HUcTIh~I5xZPt7a3RO8FtbDIi36VH8tPEKms4BQAEAAcAAA==
# hagen.i2p: e2t6rqd2ysbvs53t5nnaf7drllkgk6kfriq3lfuz6mip6xfg644q.b32.i2p
hagen.i2p=LrqVLHcHYpT4ippiTUtjsGhZiLebyhOU8Mn09O70Ds4wUZXOOuFDNucPvj3xgI6soxxUedr97QY1dDuaflkeW8NHiOSX1KL9Uz1nB3EuoZrymE-iX-YhsRz2U76Z9aFuiymNysqp9~-0NpWVu7y0DhTXHCNYAaUxcI4aFyBov54vh~hL7XbQLT1mRyRxVyG3UTEPA6nF1J2hpvJk5OYbNaqCc5FC8uGMzp9QZVjMTAp3APOU2tKZmf2A87MnWznIuJMj7AQ0RmY7Drqog7t0APaZDueoNEuWprKlgYljhTwnzPWP6MAXlpBQmQA9ueTC-4HXAGa6z2Ty-vmDy-mlryOyT15Dw-6iywxpyt4Xs3zo2Pa59vlzrCdDzgOY~p3LSYYYvZPyNeVvZRIuO2BLm37wZGGnXLOCdoMgvFEHGz~n-sDKOEB3HC0ndCFmVOOh2cQKOeeSeenU1rbWpACfWTqGyFcO0SwtExdXkpGQXpQvY9tKjLI5ZkDPAlMPMsQUBQAEAAEAAA==
# halp.i2p: gz55cg4cfmueadjp6v56pw5d7pftxiqnfftudfegikgr23vdzqoa.b32.i2p
halp.i2p=MwJmzamr7Id9E~W-c-EHvJe14ZNrXtdVUqtXIuZa3aQ78WSZEn08m2PADCNtzOuG5a0BjSFmyXlWc1lrsI1KUd2iCTxCJZQojsfYf6xhaMO1KAoEoyFa3zCJpaxDdQbmZ8~JEvo3JeXaPVEaQYMeB1dSRgfERDqwk-bCA4bTEyQOUtb~WZxaYiyfb0QqG0nNiS7LD6K5AYc1T4K2NBEfHfXWvR1LKHViYJufPTx87cXdEm4F2xXI5FrW07SszkcWwVX04I6ujgpqeFQjm5NjanfXuu0Hlrwfrd2FxfZecdQy6QgF0Yg0MMA4JEV0vxqnQeVWvz91oFEV4uGgdu1bhhKStwApWsPXxuIyCSFmtowndvJHM7xx6bTZztHmIqR60edsTcSWvc8JyYBTK3hudObrgfKKyVziMcWSdB8KyEsnFt5q083OxTyeC1rWjgt5QSYEoyogOnCXVo8j-YENorf6uHKl88wCpmi2XwQ0~6h16CbmUxw4OPVE7odg6xisAAAA
# harbour.i2p: zohxpycufzcslwb2dgdkfo75flahkl2q7n57ciqjooqia75ybada.b32.i2p
harbour.i2p=31usQiW0LJAF5vs5DY76KYxcCXd0xga-HrE9Slqo9EWihe-4MN2YlAStwrxKETosuyC0v1EdxShR8GiVMidHkx~QuaZe6uBI-UWUai~g5z-9rBQhmehNAN5ENLqbRDNnD3OZSO7lORX8-UKxXZuUT2Bu9MnqmIkQe-XEGqGmPKx9iMpCnyLaX9rR-19aa8IqTTMgNMrd9hnsCZv8Okkme70h1YVodN1HkROccrn5RdS2BXdKyUvW39GLWdH7uGE846ktgRAAdocR8iWCLzfqI~2LK18DM5k-CyJvcpn5lr0ycbNrMV9-7PtMj77jw5BCpfeUqGLN-2nChSDAHm6W1B5Fm3R93jNHSYYcCaOWGW3OTxBa4ny~9u~IBqw5jRcUSuuU~lhfBT7yIqgb5PZgveoU~R8paLjhybOw80-ycRqVWGuEZwmUufxSodf3aufUJtn5vPZDqqHp-Mykx6eVF1d-lBWYYX8mDLEw1T6krQ5HnjlsVOd6NT7qsJQybui1BQAEAAcAAA==
# headroom.i2p: uyquth4yeh3zc4alarynrd7r3ieyz2yz4dw6toc44plybjbxjaia.b32.i2p
headroom.i2p=T0NtGmAUguZXkp~XkCU-nVM~OcqTCB-HJDrG1qX1OSKOJ0J8KCEjjeLN-UPIViEdRgFVbR6FHC27oOfZF6Wc-kp55gi4z6JzDAAVTNDbM6CGC1XiE16rKgf7aXNOt-ezr-h-mJ5RsZabpE6xWhCdkZ~nJqEKqAEC28SW2ZHOkL2krh8WKtvbWbPgawhDtvw3l10vjc1qzWX5cVwxZ68OadPLNts~YnKfObtVjBZwPQ1HKHKLbT-NVnhmJR5jGBVKQPPlIJwPTi5iYpIPBxGgbHhzL91lJ~BDnhERlGx2MeCVEl3Pnqh1l-c8-QDKF158tndxgczt91Pk8D5pu5NtRgqrwAnJ1tahOW-ffPF5nllUnmj9tmyvXgitBboe5q2NPuiDR5-d1hvoYE8FCVdZ49e6mQXqjT8AB6XAFiixyjZdH6COaBUgnfhgH~bswzmTFf~NPfJu2Mhl47sZRxbr5fOLg2beFf5O8xYvrOose6cBfReb4HRk6AXDuCKTg1g7BQAEAAcAAA==
# heaven.i2p: y6ejpmln3j2jvf4omb4ptyo2idognputhrccph74yn6eghkpxyhq.b32.i2p
heaven.i2p=GtfoLv6ozac3q~fwbw2cB9Qp1c2IGh~IxuqvJyfBIt62AUsGBrGqa810lurPqPFrLQVwCTKFg5kNUI4cYuW4l1WC2tS3HqVjgdco0wb~F2djujY5hxWtW6tSacNKwUOiBkRNloqC9T15SjouJA4NoaCBmb7vig-YAMgs27B97wN2HUqn5OUj3E-v0sd0yxYTXPgoLNhgF6JZJFWRTGPV2MzLhT-Hso-s~Y4ARl9MurM9cEeVzpsnpwVz-fd4cpiMwZJN4YAj4cWWIIWOk-xoV~EQ5zfRA08qGFYW-7aIw-dLptzrhMrQM~V0ebC03Z2A0WpKFUy2jRNbiXXYEOJGWna1S75bZjg6WAjm4bH-h5BdanYdRwGUk~XEczPeDdFsPjkVzVgVp-DpEdEA8APZLjeD1DFIU2NwO4CKbPhIf1XCEMQYojD3gwZ3nd953CXXhY~esu37zRK1QXRPrq9Z2lclOB1igUhJNND-L1EJgPUdPRshQTyuXhFQAYaQIfetBQAEAAcAAA==
# heckyel.i2p: lars7whelqo6fp2jzkzrx7aziq7dwiygkixgjarjjc6n3gnlslra.b32.i2p
heckyel.i2p=jevB5k36RobEeVjKASH3bJyQfEBsBUvYKGZrCw51Y2ymq8Pxl1-scHA-0tLZp~ZNLuOby6ZnPgLMgUKvzkAPaw7pyZt~haTn7Y6To2P2e2s9NC-8poA4fjzXv~cJkneCQfmYSFER69Bockx2DGgZbg029MgP9EOOHsdZO9eOvHjv3B0jL47NImXHlqOTKTQMsYHol9Q0i1EG9t1x7LMyPNogN7t3P9BqVmX3ihpWdIp~w4zLe2msdlJ30nBj3NFk61n9CZOuh7-zYMuJ8I8Da4NQXygN4NRXCQUZRMP54fGL2pvu9UdploPpXDzvySyq8DaBUxCp14rTdyVJoUlH08~hIo2AFZpQDqqt3-RufqDpipD31GT4PpzRnnc66YZ~sJpZVhgupsOt0ho2-rdYPwmbVoEV80lCiLmNmNW6BGAoxAKFOZkKq9~Uf76O9Ga0mSCHtumd8x14KgCfRXf1xa6qYshVd2MVSQYFPjhp976E939bylBmqspY5kLizyWvBQAEAAcAAA==
# heisenberg.i2p: jz4quyw7zt63tmw65jfp76fblwadjss4iyi4puqdg3dye7oaqlvq.b32.i2p
heisenberg.i2p=VE-vRr15T4SWaA1Fa55BcE7X8ROELh0eHTaRC8ETd1RwT-BddPsXfrE94J8w4E3vn-NSHTzBEqL-AsgRt7XaSngzRqRXbN19~BKqTXRKeiDk4UB-x4XcENNp2-Su5JZVuc0JqsmOvJiWBP9k1n-GbF5fWI8kCu0Q8-wx4tNdZ8ODN3cc9iA9ptosc7f5Y6THbnkSG4CJPDL8OManBl-Nu3B5rblY1pPwgbpcZjIWSYekG8upqPWsZN0Je8vgvcxGATXLpES-Ov1YrzXztdSiF7CI5wwpfzbh7dumeD7eYFFhFuz~lissAx5L~9iH~qr44HCdL-d4Jl9F0mhoouJ85ACCEjE6zztafGoZzD4GbdigGcwYT13GFf26ZM42k57kkS7r-jxWRdbZocGfg3sAlCKKoJGD9oPWeVsHkKXPs0dbqS4T4z6Q~3m8kv7h5XvLvnd7AMt7C15cc8~FgEHa8Y1opJ0oWSgdWQryTJRvAoaLC0NlTR4apP0En3HGFuhPAAAA
# heligoland.i2p: gzrjm62ektpqjfsem3r3kwvg6zpjvvhvpjvwfxkm2ay4zu7sp6oq.b32.i2p
heligoland.i2p=02-gPpBoohOqDJf5iPeDSEIUniwSmnJqQyhPZIjVJr-pzm1hlOG9SX2kb4zk7DIfa64i5uJTgFPEUoPhyORIt0KrN2aM0A7Qjp-DlxYxdgK8VTq4CWrLLTVGWAlPtWmHtL~rnQwt32izvRolT2vB~17P5glPCtyLT3oZnqvKUcmM0e6m27DsZwG30pu9-W2jbRrPDAjhoeVqSISIY8jP-5IqhK1xeNSBbxOBk2r9BaeY6h8rIZBWXt8WC92tfecVKuQT4h~VmFvm0ArqSq-vfxEAb7CB9VCVB3d46WHGnhABeMDTvo~9OgR0lRoSYf99neaTyaYKKOBZs8U8R5Slv2CS9Uc4TrW8Au6~XSW2mUk2~ODLljfeBZBeKwA6RsJYMIB3jnMrLJ6-EEb6nR-E~piDNbVt~~IqAuLZ5YonTY4jKtzklTlkxo6U~EWiYWxVDhhMbh9RJ1UvPKjuCtYyhzxquPfZ~Luno9uO22T1OgVpWJJFQ7nnbEEwTsocbL1PBQAEAAEAAA==
# hex.i2p: sw7m3pxa4d3niun7tz4keq2kwpffhpu6b4zcdeupjem2y2tmycqa.b32.i2p
hex.i2p=yKxgShuyxcJG3XByzRxIVxpRhDp3v-EVrDV3IONrLLrEBrv8jaRuULZ28u9lMPupA4~OQxryz1AO3xEIaq2-iNEPo3pT9wtxSZL0k0ZQw1nXzHF-OOKpX~Vh0fNWdyUSKo~He7EpnCb~K1vldP1iLlQvtWeyThMgtozL3savdM-Whs0d09tuTV2Eu1jhgbauXLSHatgH01SIeLszXN8VSP4ktFrX5b-gKDDCQ8parpa0o2eWohvkfknn9iMqN6KC5LCEbF64l5PVmTRWkGZbic9PO0sEmEjuo~cmALV6gdl6m-D842hYhMmBBYPl7vpfX2hyIz-let~h5-jTfCx4Zc5WUp2YFV-cUU7PgoK5eMf~r0FwLFmCZ7bKT8GcnzDsNhQ5BuBpDsPh0JCShdGAJCC5ew8dwoHTetObD9-MpnmEkLc9SX~TV3Oj3kwc4u4hUQX6H5~Zx03B0~Rp3N2nvtIha4SjrFqgoi~YANfoXFgLGq8vqkv1s8KaWsJ35E78BQAEAAcAAA==
# hgit.i2p: ny4ev7me2y2ibfi37mykakwvf2jhnl7lfql4etaiykjiwtd735pa.b32.i2p
hgit.i2p=-ROvlJim5YKrFOwIvn4fosaGAExT2tpG0gukyfI3a7N4qVxltoXrqr3nLzqMSp1zs~cP4aySlAVE3MSj97vdeo86vyci6OMsvJ4dthBANMYX6vd5vAAL1x5ILAJOr8yVH5RJge0r8zWeEa8bFXMCRKm3uQNi1wlQPvxLyyHn3pcZoDv9kiB0puDZpjaFYmtwEzKrw925W~pAF~9nRPIV~EgV7MWyxs5VTeLVJRdZSDGKJlQz4zE~ljGxrqZEMy4FMC00A7ThCDbh8ICG1aiDPE36izl1pIDsOsA7zrsCbY7tlfw--dmrC~xkGtN~i9tPzu5NUUCYxkmvyhVba9~NDnpNkOiJJrzS5plRVMWoJLqBnZCQrgSvHmxSOw3Eubhow2mFhMPQqwkb1BWnkaeWZWs4z2up2NDah0lcSKEKTM4ulw91n5NZf41KQEsZzIS2-mp0oKwYJwRcaRqmwRu7IIRBZ3ow1V6dez~rrQ8jBNxInJqg7WpdY-JV6bIUMA0uBQAEAAcAAA==
# hiddenanswers.i2p: kj2kbzt27naifij4ki6bklsa2qfewxnkzbkgvximr4ecm7y4ojdq.b32.i2p
hiddenanswers.i2p=xQcl8MSyuaq~OFMK7kxHwcsR1LynkjB~LYjqodku2IaiyIWo~Dk7joRSyIEzmzYDWi12XUQTDyH-kZd-41f9RvBmRXWHmYi5qrQMlEszICA-k7Ya5XkQ6xgxCYPzPnKgiQ~Hg41hpBhRuhr85GNzE06yxwUiQXMGvIZli1wuvwwVQFnhO5Incbnu5CT4Dj7EozFeJjcfljsBrPAkMYlETZ~j54ofudqIWgI~xabWqC6smZGHFmyQ7gkc9u1YCFdx1rS9HXPfQ~s2anVUsXTUpshkf0Hdo9q1L23H3tEBajQWuOERJ6pMp9ZWciO3FpdNJ16ejfsA4q-o-JUo7Sp7x4C-01otVy3v~qslVZ8JhHZsI4j6-hHzG7xYW-7oirIaiTSCCQcbTn70ZRyKhqSLrsA5aRbLBvCb61j7Eye7S5OM8MuXprDOV1CPdpjCHKkZYSGw7wy8JzDEYI1a-D7sNUy4iMT4DTsUe9AteAv-6kC9fAZusiuUXWxERoxDoXj5BQAEAAEAAA==
# hiddenbooru.i2p: zma5du344hy2ip5xcu6xmt4c7dgibnlv5jm4c2fre5nxv44sln3q.b32.i2p
hiddenbooru.i2p=mBau99Xlj3ob9fFtEBOqpig6xWk24ngbqMm0ji8Zm8Te~CnD5wvwFhMgL078TTajsyigGf8YVO-0rNNj0KYnc5WDu35GhjbXbjblRtybyEkFrreQ1Q3evqNT-OaJG~nlC0wJpP1EUxLTv4b~1yXKES9w-p9JdMUcRU7UVXt32C~6VLyu9Rb1kvj789HdbgvNJfc5SHQ4SnVoQW2LCHUQwksE2EpDVoL3BkffKqwb2fECsbpNvq2R3qNHmbHCRz~57q9TGUO51clAb0IInQivGruzUUVbqophpaK7blVOG72ZRTbAoqJGOY4o7hbHC-KNf~2Fhcq0V7VEFiIP6u6IpFW1hjvoz0xPhKRwhhGyfDNHTmyCTyzVTIDhbZQc1oEPdNGbyU7KpWquaSeeFXR92VNH0vEDPxMR7nr9fJTtCj3OAaFJjjZiOWOqmqGQqR2VPUoSFVanQPcwcsYShy-DnuhEthHEP6qmKMQgz~b6id0SioBHj9c1g9l55Ll8FIj4AAAA
# hiddenchan.i2p: 6y4tltjdgqwfdcz6tqwc7dxhhuradop2vejatisu64nwjzh5tuwa.b32.i2p
hiddenchan.i2p=gDx1~2CLlz2N7l23D0xSLJV4ctLi5-FEMSBG6dNAIRYdGAgaPM9Dgr~wPQRPgdLrTIRxAFDKtZjgSO2nQvt8NM2LLW9AiAM538BsqY5i2OD2NFO6ZTZX-fMM1QCDG4eYinQItMPYQwXTLyYYO3zmdqatVvPbAYF4eYHYVLrC9OzQTRehOQ28Gu5lgsSS9TwpMIzENiClCjbxsnjNgQPMF~1IF5WRTLuDY7b1WcP-58zT7EmXu8YduZ14raAvAwmnTCJJ~c9P2UznTD3DBK4sGrqr3qAuWInxr2LWHkZhW~BROJ2~DNzx2o4I50zb6BXfqfyMuyvA2I6epdpTBha7l3g2j~9-RsDwEa7DoRbe40wLmycoKiffWR-LnUNDwxxc5ZXJgRKVlsVipOv188FDIMpN4AZstuP6T041yMJIjkAVtR6pHM7J2d1KPPhSe8jMWTLyBfRt4ClcjKRFrI2Ci1~chqA5hm0EAStTNnHsA2R734IIQ48sgUAgnPcK8CCrAAAA
# hisdarkmaterials.i2p: qcf3vxllflqfsbvxjlypfxsx36g5srknxnhpyz3ph5bcxdjawraq.b32.i2p
hisdarkmaterials.i2p=doNc2uFuYTCakRiX5~u1W3zQTyxc-M3qM~A4V3IoTPTaj7LwxmqHVwP5hRtoM8BzolZdz8Dp6NA3n6p~yiRla1bdRqhzDtMQD7JNjfJUMcmcs~V-AM~UoTXE2b27kOyfB~V5EvugQ0vfZ0LCZmSIYxiy7fxISyPetSJqmnaE4OwyXhIJxCtfUzMgnfYoXvznwd38bJoEKW3q0mpIYZzUi~cLPGQnjT5vIpNoYu6C58MOdwOUIR0HcMkFDpJdrst79Zal2~eHC-oNdprcXhKZoJwBrbBaWHSFeTaE2sBcF-cl4Zx9AkivMiKqbRllzTD4vnLHlWZaE-CbI4E2COibwj0Rmz4ebpfaMLSZnsvJrrnni2JenVbZQcpuVNEEDoxZbPXamXzR0PD~UDJa-3WF6Ff394LJDtHUoWk2CsLRcOEyjOrf-rt-SHV-oUPbbPg4TFzNq69jEL~yXDIukj3zaSarnpaQ-ptixiDDG743JFqX62YTwHBavOVF5rpenDLGBQAEAAcAAA==
# hive.i2p: 2koqsqujgndkz3ozgrvx4txezvxpnm65orrr3c5itszy3vd46eea.b32.i2p
hive.i2p=7F4vuehwzngWR8XOC2EW2XhVCxh7cmbLkvFEWDXuw1mOt~~Yj4iq7Vcd-eFFv8H6StPJ14kv82~TD9iNwR-b9uJy1-15513xmAiNtshhWE~6aLx03xnOsGwt96BhO7wbqGe-0xG0vVipRRMNIYf1hq9z~XtD7uRJtRiSyEJtAZZi8zhfSR~36bUn9kls1XGXk8pjb0-gDi3HVln-W13WDLA-yIwOumNp5QzNBRtjLFhairkiCrSDmrRse6DS34kCOq4~yiPPVrA4ID53Anw9wGtWusC5edfgx3ICOK4hSohJt2RJiUKSbiZYje0BNdJ72xqT4RNjmnuJQToxwlCBN0u-~Ag4AM2wrYkXc2lZL7C7CMm2C08CbU3skGprR8ibyi9DoMZqc2OmazH4DzO400m5tG-I2LuqA-789MzhYHLH-~z1etUaCXpfISIUXHGORdFoObL94IsW3e2HD1QkKeg8S9U~VGnOHCLyR~bOCeoEvTqpBUKK-VWAPn4GVY6MBQAEAAcAAA==
# hois.i2p: whoiswuguobs2rtsmpbao7bvfuxagmlckylh5ig6lxymiixtbfkq.b32.i2p
hois.i2p=5~NBO4UJc15KLIDTdf2~TxPxGm-z1rtYsU9Al2AKiJJszbN9zRBxrnbtyjUxog7xEfMD5S5hRK5Ivn5jP8uKt5IrIdDeTAJMaTX9t1h4gTf1Tr8s-LscxqE2cL1~qx6OTNWR-8L8tETjA03UAtnxeV3xi9BpkZPnkC0IRY4d3xjQNFraDTnYwnjebCxfyI91UDn8rGDt2c7fLmjCRErxjSX-vlFYzv0gVIeX8gljOPOT2qkTYgLJ1vXNLajP35JqFDlHi87p3FXPHcXG05tXSuCJQFbwkj4YIM1DqlbWFCfXOBvJyzNxnhpXDkWUAsfXmDFdkyslKMfka7J9OiITqBijjZddFSn2SP5C-9zy883fmoj9bmhc1Hzg1owo~8TMNPuv5g8Fyw9Y-KHmwvkqwhpTgvjgGcvRA9S8kS4TnCfraLvlfLBFLlod1YTN7LpesMzD9sKSxv3ISGPE8VTMe-0el~VacSb90jMJxb2LxRXpwCrITTT~UaaZ57gJD8igBQAEAAcAAA==
# homosexualchan.i2p: suzp44odgixf5lthy5ngy6ktabus5gz47squie2shudi6kmlwuaq.b32.i2p
homosexualchan.i2p=Es3yV~dBnUrkbL5vKKrtDtRfpBPu99~RiIB-v1HFZg389kCYRFKCWMZPhpsGgi4QT~eN60eXNYd7ZyEOckU897gK-saeX-D3-yX8lKJJkAd0Umv2hT2shxbX0kL~eBZ50EafgiQpx1wExelevekvNnZNculZ6xnZWHm0oz~PwKekT4jgu3g9Gx~mIgLxDt2fp3cscNfHjSB0JgvlI9IUAHLiWuj8ukGxL3dZ0qS8n~fU4q86e57V3UmxRQ8nabTlY4-CtkDMYMhn7k99mH1dsIVrHW7h5fHacUDM8pVVKDtWOz6MCM5Tgwd55eMp9WyzpNW3sRwbKs1HEYjH-UOv4f3~AZZ7koIXxHcf2DlNHsNQda-hDYqn1i6b6Ai6aIM9rriq0zuoVJr-iCeNEZy4lHEyuerkLWI0OEp3RGbv7UaaBg-iZAUBuG3sEAkac9aKGZnmwzGutlrinGgaX6xTnMYvPApFP4KwDL1hlORgAEKCmN3ZesMoFJGqh3hpbuPaBQAEAAcAAA==
# hopjoy.i2p: 3wifx34yzdnj5vw3zu3kmqyz57tvlypmdnnyalqjdcaqrege6bpa.b32.i2p
hopjoy.i2p=8DSrJ9kXigMfGBPiL0JE8SSA6va56bgl5LuHk5QDcFT3BTZhtAAUBlIZQ6Pq0XhKpO4O908yofI~roRMq2yQmLaqz5SAK1EWj9pd2w~5RuoGHdUDAk-FGtrGdh7oTlHCEkgtwkEobpspKurJoOjs2OfAKMCtNOwCG5tDmZWypFTO1VIK3hY2cRXj6DyhxQ9sajQ2O9i5HuPAkgDfH~xcDulvnt9bnx71eZJ0z9MFobAYUpc79jWwR3h1p5~X7HUpNG27wDsDJ1Na0k0TDzHSGqULJHeBoYjg7Ndv3xmXdEb6ptV4y67cBDdDRJzyT49xFi2PwnpYVEvDNHj-39BfQ2v9sN3M3Ruh-BN5Ou~UwTk6sKETtXAvXk2czNEHje553RwqOFIn2k0zlqwnpDlMpArV9zL5241CpZsU5TZV3QKvy4cpmEd1se7bwsslFJfETBk0-9wpQbeRMfgD3h~cCEUzZQVEz53fS2M7-3zZCxmsGsYfeXpwlgNTG7iauUhEBQAEAAcAAA==
# horo.i2p: vrxh2vbqsfvh2utnt3ighimu4vrgla2mfpwksipkjsguv5vewhdq.b32.i2p
horo.i2p=n7QbKXt1RZ0ex5LnI28gGVhmU57esIAYe5RunqeEqUT8FUePO9mpFuMyjE5feE97V2T~WEEvwDdg6dKfOj5jXo~xaOO9zHbppmGXmfgsjV6BsiEqL7vWyIUNu-lCv-T6VH2tnND4oxUCCym~ORK4Z1FB1AmF1JXbPDphHDNo9kkmIikliuIjSvhP3OP2m50gbv3O5tDu2TMuQ0kQaMC-zCEmt2HKHyA0ln~hUrwqP64nOr20970cAa~bAZECuVrP6GDaO1t9eT8ALIkeTMG-XBUcAG7GeeL7Y3BKpg0arpxMljdaefsy-BCDDufMUI7hwPXN5yMXfEcG6RytfF12ekc-yFjJeQirr2lzDz6xWxxS3TqJoyPZjcjavZG-ScBvb924-4P7FP78aYoPRbLRxDf3qEQfqWziEV1zha59Y0Qs-qHpv6lfRFXBOvCJYYR~Y15yDwbQxRxz0qNz0MJRg1YE38bIxUcqZXSbdstxDLRdbxA0ZLrHF7IQORq5Is0vBQAEAAcAAA==
# hotline.i2p: 6cczi27iuxkm3aivazaemzltdqgh42ljzurqp43uclbz2lid2uqq.b32.i2p
hotline.i2p=zSMB76Wi4mQDjkM1JH1t9o2cyAPc3KG~aoQoaE-DGetiNmUZhx6dRCStpBXLWAnlGW6VarUIrjBSIyES-v3Fl3qXemZwzfGqSQ7Wq4iWzYQ~VUDnJmBLEyYUd3HMhqqJ2IL2Hk7C7ujf4gnH8B6Ava4f3s0Q~lOjcUm5DsRzRKZ2T9TqotkkC7ZO3BfJtiUGisL37E9E-8CpJ4phQ8xsT0Ss11koWgmmyatiFNfTfDnJ5CNrHK-66AcCiMjTR0CkGRanBft8qy-WG1vt8~8FBr~-rU-6~JL5TVbKcuYP29cZftwMZS01Rc7FPOPm983fLISnFGs4mWAomNggi5HP-LjXdpVKaqtyuAHrTpz4tanvfcsRXBxJaNJaFA0SoYpubJ-Y8GtT8SDsLj97J~vWG9vCG-29xwariN301vHdCYXS7scffqlZBXKsw7IYtzQ4l7lk3lo2S5z7TXQTL0Fx1UKQ4KQIktkxpF2xISeUYa0qR89lkA-VRKXI0QSdkkD8BQAEAAcAAA==
# hp-net.bandura.i2p: z2ufexrgrxry37y4vs5hted35ygpleskfcs2enanl53hmlpzlqhq.b32.i2p
hp-net.bandura.i2p=Xb0F5k94O1RPCXuarg~tpeytj4wkUJWiUxlbcZ8ensrk4NxAIg3vUKjB8GhNb6z3xgowyqmJjix0dX32qIswEHzNmINFNZf3PWgZ2c2H5tac0Jtv95gVB7V6gltDH3w6s6AFsSVdsrKqm-9ZC4UYh4vRsNo6cs03pkmQWxGcSNg-13zldMY3vDjAHyJGJwC9LuOgp6ZJ~zwV2yIjzmGzy-Uk6gYbfiemqQV3dp2yRRPysABn4JQpuEBMGnTmfhIKextC6mL~C6uuWy7b6IGp2AWIyjlwqZt4Vvi8guEtJlo8~slbmQxkfLSfOIY1cy0iOT-VCsU~dcDhsa7FKL7m2-kzc7M1BkmtQxzmY3nZNDoIFAxTL8hDXp5FMuIJseaB-tgqOpBsdfzy4UX9guz1ttZapgZo9~tKU~CztmV0seWKWRcOJvi9ZLs6LbubiJhbGlOI6EKEzBTuRa44w2qgNzxwp33PQ7kMUvi9qRDSLL6qTVquxdOC0ZjtSUZz22CABQAEAAcAAA==
# hq.postman.i2p: 7ewjvbcwgah57n64cwbsxqai7eutqofkesuxfsuhfheijivdjqra.b32.i2p
hq.postman.i2p=P0T4cDiNYzHWcroPCZrH9Co9kvvHeZlLJ0jNn4qwO5rEDTZbNDzAHTuU2GdgUDd9yi~vLTiPC7T6BUMQz2y-Spg-L0D8qiGCBcFZ5ZPWKTDi-Am3WJIbeM~9psndc2X-sG09LrKb7Da3K1hd7WFA37tYXpeiavo5C1LbRZU0H0X2BrGI5fVt~NmUH0D1Vih2P0zY1vx9pb4pjobPyzL~34u5sO~YsLZjfWHm0dK8MUaypFm9bRDNOOKLO5Q32qHPzrDJ9jx6OLZf4g2UkDrJF3F3lzcdO84oFEP0xsYyre5UoMWvtxTQNWc-NdSq5cvvNJeudys3gudhDJft31ypwSEXUmLJnwOmS~kdeE~b9X-NvIV4yE51qYwNs9OBsZIpoUzcTJu-cTWA7XtNNZ3xwNNcHpNPmrOo6uIXEYR6v~YglNIeL3noGJtlzDT5dTtveVf5RA6nSZRbMyz2KizdSK4Ktr3GCc6vzPd-~rtZMGaKNF5hkxnKaqOtEt~-9AIKBQAEAAcAAA==
# http-false.telegram.i2p: 77mpz4z6s4eenjexleclqb36uxvqjtztqikjfqa4sovojh6gwwha.b32.i2p
http-false.telegram.i2p=V5EeX1UrVanCQhE9q-Nj5UFRyQiH6b~lSO7qe8hgxGZkymrpHFZ5j5D9rVOjsogokon1bZF5NPlPdzI~d4Ap7UyqBR~90vhFxsIKednRZLdf46JgjYTZq~ct-Bi3sdpBXdg04L8i4dStE4jkdvl6NF96MfQKdt6mtYFeaXb0XhPx~04NECG5~y~mTYcMjcvrftt5uulLbT6TcGmJ0KV5Xu2UVnkN3zOaQEObIIDZT4wkz9jOqaiJzMHNJqWc4GU4ocIfwxeMkSn9qvA0Q1AXuM~z11~wgHYLVEFoN5k0O4aB8b1r1WtpZTojZ9ADThW89q~AcD981nIYnRp59cmyqBdN7X-71cBrKC7QfnCRJpbwoVrn7kePw1dCu6Bobnd4~a74abxjFeCxVzQxSTbkey6f~wJXE2JPAqfsM1EKXsdqUZQJOP0ngQu16srSpqMSxkqHzlr3US~Vn9EgMcHuDCkdctwo7stwn0UQ34sSF9sLhtmlHIGqatDhfmYEGmSiAAAA
# hudo.i2p: swhb5i7wcjcohmus3gbt3w6du6pmvl3isdvxvepuhdxxkfbzao6q.b32.i2p
hudo.i2p=pNi1q6mi0bIENghcEsSyrZwUIXC773jewppnyZXsdC56TTMYcTBg2SKph2WBeciJW46KEpBTVWrptyUdUWjxM5DyjTFDUwO7kJllBlNLr9WgzmNcuAvMIO6g63rFBS5YBwwD5Z9VX9fk9YWgP6s2t4c8jgpWhSjApn6xMSofUbN5Rr4al51ksvvyEzbBwmIJCfPRgbNv4BdWcl6H~eFxTUrvbZiS2bf8sIbQYYIUA1p7SuMWyjaxeSHd71as6KBRRg1~c06A3oQ7IRCKrnQAPVMZlC4iFqJJYRGpHkPqvCiEqtTMuBwtINjnLEtJsoCS-EFBIox2qmQh2NEZ9-HrLErIip36fIuE9EYJGBugKV5GwXXmSy7gBPuiDWAVN72C1Y6vxOpNGSpqbDXgHPMoeAH5qgsk8LloIyAE3gvdJuR9xI-Fd7Ui-T-V6CbSSJuARNR0vbfJ~mwBmvNJAHh8q14RgbIoL5Ko2iPlWk3OmI8NgNOZ~VWJUM6rMXC023vWBQAEAAcAAA==
# hungryewok.i2p: to3afquvmrmk4kvozisb562elb2hdka6hwk6oeud32m6h2qtkcqa.b32.i2p
hungryewok.i2p=9dvXJc2Nm3kJJfOzH5NNpGpV~y2H2rbGlw8HghRV5zxWBlrzebqH~o7WqDhg5Cjnc-gpiBQSX0LlmpS7PREihySLJ6JuXMNRXzfoFjvWNR1rosKLcD1uY9nAI2b8z3yWLFSVpDZS6Cw2A-CoRe~hXPjPQOE3W5X7qANcRxfeC3xTmaTydJ4ECEDLCgL45gB4bi723T0S8SIjHg7ornO5Gmk3fmI7gXoenT23LHIwBYG59ffHjzP4eka73uP8V5-SGeVMuQ3IC43w2FIGoFTQaweGFXeOoKEO73n2eI5Y8jJFlC6spELvklMJEH0746y73AKdkJvGiheZQkJZr98HoEFLmcxNQTZtf9tScnHn7VLbw6bHOmFvB-i9XyucVFMQ8xsWwfgcRcQpcp8S08Inr8Uc2MfECC0IOGG30iqw17~HwWBeFg~fw8OrNKpJgOAlmhmFWP2JejsFNdi8r8bGOSsRWHKQ~4XtEN5vHDObD4UX2-MJUxrH3Jc8Ou8maVb5BQAEAAcAAA==
# hutor.i2p: vouttzj22msx7lcpgybfhbqoignrawsgo2sg7g7ml5kyuugbbkza.b32.i2p
hutor.i2p=n7bT1Gepw-zglMUWAlgRZ1YEmq1Wtp9YDvfi2-rDv5pfcEsX4Q0iImfD~lBdubp22Z0qAgeo08fTSjLIUrSgbjKIUqZG2DNdqpwgndWQS7rBT-Vidb~7nYzobXDzha3x1le7YCUdDJnp~XoDwAvQOD9XXVMXnV5l4jAmg58kISGwdUJ5WKzsRfnYJ0iwY~WPmzjVmwOiR8ZIagz6etv3aKUIwXPss3-MZAm52hC0uih-O4nZ6UcrteE3r1Mzs47X-ML-JhTFcbJ8-FwXIgCk3bC~tH-0gRsILijmwuyenjYy8Q8ibcSArCkl9smWICwrYFKzcvw7BWCTh-184r~rCN1k-kpUA~cUOG4w5WUtTzVclExuPQmqfD~BtnnpTpmlgl3EvJXHS6p6aJO3C7MJaM597xmdRu56sedKDcomZs5FoiCx1vCnPGxGrZX6KEaYeZiOtb0wVdmu7CVDDdwNbHisumWkx0DZoQ7Tvz5CZ6lbyBa0zRX7m1Zgza5Ns3fhBQAEAAcAAA==
# hype.i2p: vytu5npewxcve3i2qhdqcb5wqmd6lrdmdfkaiv2kpx2lfm6sejkq.b32.i2p
hype.i2p=N0dAIMyr69BwDWqRLQ2kyLTwoFa2B3T8JCNUN-NA~lIQ03M4-mCASRR7Eh2OwAq8TcvwA3Ls2Zdwd692RQ4pckd75w2wKNdAwWjHvvc-mfn9vtVEsqQxTSVMdp-OrDsaP7RRGHHJOChL4bH-pwrfQ6yTaGwChCtwisEC830Qi42gMRX8WoTxJ05Vtep1N7PHbhMXN1GbB8TR0ydWWPtvAAzlf0d5PQC6jlrq3BGHoAuZaMlQr-oqfVJv~IrehjUcFD0e8pWx5yhdTncQuEbrvpzNSHz4mU8acJSUqb3L61J4zEUHxg~WHH3rnsEjWLlgGlFS7RvIZVmqOEYgq6e8x~11bxIIJ1sRZ5QHpvRCGtr5MuHsQcesUgZJwwG23moxadUQgW7v7T7bW5QekQ6A5oglSb6zaIyfcDQ-Z0F7NB4f5eRJXt85sz1DMEvfMcdeAVxUGeX4F3pTxFBZFG20Tie7cSabVNlkHXsR02U3INAjBBEfi3aLil1k5ga4ooSeBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2p-epub-eepsite.i2p: yxvzjwd4vin6pnjauekdufh7lxaijal3kqe2bhakuf47g5zkb6xa.b32.i2p
i2p-epub-eepsite.i2p=3~~ujZaItZXsH1rT-mWigbF8tQqIFB6uvkVgbZN~422OdDwtIPkRaZg79EdSI3fNQWRGEeXNFiv9fcXl~kahdhv9MJVOA6tfPrrK64IICh4OymfQZOn~pvY4KlkC9~Pl0x8bw4X9STw9cYHXdoUV7C0gZBaJJVNxg3Uf2464FuQ78SByau9tjcZNqTh2u9HhH4r9Qm1cdsm6GnbH63R-iooFMHscKO3pQS1q7KWyYh23seQVh38isx91T6hWBzLOAA5Iz-T4PzODapDtcraHrLEfgWsqd~dDCjku1KEtWz-6Ek0BQ-TeDhgpb2xAPdkz9E~t6uFncalybWjVhtwQKp70r6-ALG~cEWrHlHZUdFWqklCom1nE6mDyHW8TcWDqU2oVQiMOy1SOupZC7cGlGT5UU8iZIb0iwAKyfruAxYglK2vgC1YXyztttoEam-RqFwSK1kmazbD3Ksi3sO3p6rP6hgzWpusdftJ~PIFm7~pftvujLAZ3OdYJEkwVHqsDBQAEAAEAAA==
# i2p-mirror.bandura.i2p: aq7r54ebou47b533y5seiod7dc3aeycucevl2pqvphnjhjwblr6q.b32.i2p
i2p-mirror.bandura.i2p=fLP3J3tT8rfQ~0PDG50OuxYy4qgbv6Sh1pO58xGp1cvVW-uBFpgyUOi1tM13AS5oXw-ixAGwjUAKUJaCGSQ17I3r2JE7cCx-pDrTk3VNYLWDNErxXjtDoqMwYAPsr3-d90bSJRf-8uetCLHSIK4kw~v2ulr-1fpIfLRlBoILwwGFXW0SiVjfnaTGXoBWZso8QRyHCVjIbwoc22iZBigBPh5fxW3jg11ZXveAhv9POtfNfONDJM7eVxFgKNAY7DiMlulCReoc971xnahkJqpTp9gpRnrX0C-FijixTQawWvFiK~NmaYSwBiMB~8ZMyzFuM2lgGS8qm7v9-~rSoLnU26I9Sjtu1H1AfCYnDFdeCH5DlnfxNmI7-uppNfIP218fltjj764Lr-jg22QG2s8BX4uaEf5iKGWNzWdQKAqXjzYLuuDdlybBgB9v1hefnnj5FmuveTOiXED2TYcadEfj6mRoboWjgvKPfWiEnR1BUT63xNPKdKU99LxN9fmQfaq8BQAEAAcAAA==
# i2p-projekt.i2p: udhdrtrcetjm5sxzskjyr5ztpeszydbh4dpl3pl4utgqqw2v4jna.b32.i2p
i2p-projekt.i2p=8ZAW~KzGFMUEj0pdchy6GQOOZbuzbqpWtiApEj8LHy2~O~58XKxRrA43cA23a9oDpNZDqWhRWEtehSnX5NoCwJcXWWdO1ksKEUim6cQLP-VpQyuZTIIqwSADwgoe6ikxZG0NGvy5FijgxF4EW9zg39nhUNKRejYNHhOBZKIX38qYyXoB8XCVJybKg89aMMPsCT884F0CLBKbHeYhpYGmhE4YW~aV21c5pebivvxeJPWuTBAOmYxAIgJE3fFU-fucQn9YyGUFa8F3t-0Vco-9qVNSEWfgrdXOdKT6orr3sfssiKo3ybRWdTpxycZ6wB4qHWgTSU5A-gOA3ACTCMZBsASN3W5cz6GRZCspQ0HNu~R~nJ8V06Mmw~iVYOu5lDvipmG6-dJky6XRxCedczxMM1GWFoieQ8Ysfuxq-j8keEtaYmyUQme6TcviCEvQsxyVirr~dTC-F8aZ~y2AlG5IJz5KD02nO6TRkI2fgjHhv9OZ9nskh-I2jxAzFP6Is1kyAAAA
# i2p.idk.i2p: ndrxaiwierbjk3xobnj6m2mvbppjseikrgp53tvi6gsnwhlfgfea.b32.i2p
i2p.idk.i2p=DR1tDvCf6lg9H7KFmMOzPQz~VnVBy0wIoZ0hBSX5R7dwd74hSBdzoMCZeaQtcKc2Q7vhwBiHX8hlYvjP2Rrjb8j8F6F5AJrGp5Bcm34MfW-MkD9QNMZH8vR92WZxhONIChJUSRVGP67-8VSz0dlkxp5n0POuFi2OmVqNBe1QCDtK-xSnM8G-eS3aviKYxb6j-DwM6hRXeeDyRYdhmXm5BiWEvgnN0X83GItdfQDkEU5yCxxP13BP30PTZ4NfpMg6dfr0CXYCOqSg3imYp9NJ9kkxT6df5YwKR8nKOHW3nH1Xtl8pT3fRGl4yVV1RmOzL6635B1v2-FmRIj~tfphLXgQaKZf1bAJ48dl8k-5XWsx-WxBaWi~w77eSL0sano9zB~rFYzkRNUNqFXk0lcNS33G3HB6EktiRB3WApPuEeGpccBCqyG2E8OMEyB7va1NQrCDYJ4ajvDCrrWA3EfGp6DXeYf9phkxThp5oj3cM1jUSXR-i1-mE3fpEbzX3SmkHBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2pca.i2p: 2polbcqr7fskkoaef5pi3lks4z6fclsfq3vu45eas252ufwf2soa.b32.i2p
i2pca.i2p=HrEWSUsQlbwzrSwYfyMGApEWYViYTNoEKohdeG6lcRcEl74mLBPCi9FyY5xVu2S40LZ4zsMjBl7j~59BQz5IMGvFUhBbPTCPHyBtfiW0E2tNFMLr01rDcixG5Vu1bYkpbBNP2uAGpWIAFsIQz6giRXEurtwT9u9XZro3KLW98tb6OCZry7jeiMAoKwTBZ8B6dfbWkt7oqcp~EV2OmtKn0NQfSHsoyj8N6Jhv67YRs0HORaAnBr5~2oM4oeyBHxVRForsamQ6F--XhqgTOCUDzvJXA7mf4VVepsJUFHOiNV7NypKUtU-DAteDvw8ChTZqgWm4w-1Ev7cYK3pUyoB5IJOxEXJ7KUGimp3J1PyOuXAgkqR72Mx3Zfa6aGYx8fePDXAPJvOFHp1ZLLpuelvylPsgX2BsPqntDUFf33SBuMEWYTivDWDU2V63mqvU1jUdft3~oQeL3Za~04JAz4QQqtzq7yZ5B5ifYwCjRKEtGAzXfsbGmIIf-d64lmk2H06eBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2pd.i2p: 4bpcp4fmvyr46vb4kqjvtxlst6puz4r3dld24umooiy5mesxzspa.b32.i2p
i2pd.i2p=Lz7qHnOHfwbHA-vxM0xaDtfiq48qsRZrbmbqj20U2~kIy7p18-ivxnydy0lgqPKgmdF2c-a9U8Upht5uBUL~53PgWz7cuyw~uuWsYBwm6pRUhpNrDTEhnL8jnhs4JYms3cjjZ2bZF8HmAn1A2V6Mmffjj0lketnEdPERGwahjuOrfHHepFVjHtvGCh9ubUKeEEdrHxgbMHhi1XdcLoNQZAONVsUu0LBDHVNq3k6ldL-7E14LLSBdHLhnZchnrY10S8hZTQJ-cWKYnqaX5pYZErrxIfVAgr9axG6lwv0EzHh4D~4FuSqsRBli7pF9Yeo-LZPbfNSnGV00pcMNnX-~QMSfPgTKpOHoFXv0O1dIbgczzdlki-q4D1R6lF5autG1DjC6sjcilhd1WnT1TN3NWaac4KvISZw4gac06ZVrAweFntH117Fg78CCAy5WJ0I8dqLlYa1D829B-6BNk0VifIiIKyNjmYsXv~0IK28UbWd0rfKvv21Ke~HJeiNI8r6SBQAEAAEAAA==
# i2pdocs.str4d.i2p: yfvbtrhjac3jutdsqzugog6mbz3jtyhpwovrt2mqc5mzv534y7cq.b32.i2p
i2pdocs.str4d.i2p=CRayYfxrPBELUQ4tYi723g8atsyHwkR0--N8fXggNqJgHsnrKxle0ovH5qj6aqUGToay4ktJEz~opIV2lF605gdGE9rSrPONOU0v737~gzjmLpJoyW03yOhr6lGvTxTKWjgx5xRHctt11DEMlMufY4Q72~EZETE4k5E45V3YqSWGyYIzxdpzzw9zvMe9TaLZTs0ZYFgXRMIu1o5IzTkfK2FfAMNfHMcRESHHK8GcF0TkzZFnvOhtgr~Fywq5B7VMYzwq6a8ws5bPjSjQWbJqX8NR~NZl7gxSMwdlZlcICVFOo-uW9Yna2YfhzM-A5SOx60EsL26YX1VXh1zQ3Rsg2lNXbSPI4dLb9taGWxpZS914L-N3Htgih7VM-Zl1QYQGuNV-9LaEEUQKRPCeKdyG14Yry4YOVDItMFE5CHIDaoFcpD24jPE~0aHmVk~RXOIzVhmtVj~HcpBXWxT4lpIO2V3kzA-ZTvo5I0ollbP5Ep3s0Cj~EfikBhUL6zHsWVC0AAAA
# i2peek-a-boo.i2p: qgv64klyy4tgk4ranaznet5sjgi7ccsrawtjx3j5tvekvvfl67aa.b32.i2p
i2peek-a-boo.i2p=PqQj4EVdC-aJ9faGzIoK9unR2srCzOLj8cY-I3IPtfKh2cmCRc4JmgBjjwb8PWDHZ2RBB1TUhuxY8BgV2ckND0FcyCqSo9ihHWcCfT8cUZU83mykR3waqar1TXO8rWoEE8ANnE~cdYaqsXoDCUqNHH9c9rWIWubvFzf3cQKsWtiuHOZcDCPjvjQZXVsMGbJIecBQNDX7jwFrUlgI99htwzNjqcLb3HjstHoIHqCeWcfuMpEmRTYwoxlhysPh8NgKcHQgFfNXApfoEGyhGL4~GTdC7XhoYESXn3jxnOZeWvBUcUEdTjIFyrBqhx~IYvkUZvJxan8kkMjOdJlywuCuQngj6IzkLigOm2OIDa44izDBGTq4fVvNXuGtEsVIUIDjF~l3XELz~KmDum5w4XbjSNGrUaI0eREzZoZdjtjuwP6SK9jUe-jOjCqsHNdn6nB0G4LKkwXLChm6DGKTEHdxPjuog~OIty7tvr2gxlie65q~XsBTUGFeSMNCqQAW1-FiAAAA
# i2pforum.i2p: tmipbl5d7ctnz3cib4yd2yivlrssrtpmuuzyqdpqkelzmnqllhda.b32.i2p
i2pforum.i2p=Gw1kgEBbxZjENfiTdTQNRZYBwwyJVjXtF~t5D0-XMmeVeizW-s~90~XTtAqQ8n41roBCWtr9lrAhJ8S1drBivatp85G3bXH~eV0ZYhmcFTLd-6UUP2eFbG~0Fmmvf-Pb6UFH9J0yKBdkqLaQB82AHWbz9CTNIf~3xAMBit2AJ8XQZ8haLcIH1kxUYae1~mkgiFPPFXg1MxONOjjJ9vaTDLeYofyS8hG95s1hp60x5xNGG6gi2pmCGopQDX46ZrzpNcaZkGHey4uEZGcSiYTm7S1hycQApBYNvCv4QvV92E0eFYqCm6thUOV7K78mii5agaqpcumDBy2PXLnwR0XrqjZnKBxydCcS-HockXR7nVykJL3moQOKswoMEChXMzQqD~RUrrmzHE80oXwZjExGNnp1hI7jZevYg38voDE3TT-3IT84kuLeb-1yH0p-HbiKBk4VLOpRsFpLD9V-tl0w9j7GWOchWX78Xxq7NTWa~xaQdrrCw60Ztw4Zzu2taMekBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2pjump.i2p: 2mwcgdjvfvd3xwumzqzqntual3l57h3zo7lwdmkjboeraudpkyka.b32.i2p
i2pjump.i2p=ouBpQCfwiBcdoZD3vMNT8HXB091kwgI766U6sdWhstY6~7Aixpo8JsNaSO1LV01I20kEzAgmWP8cf5469gSa-YeXAjhKSQPtUgQiKCoRhv2virj--~ecvv4OhyIzCiYoWMMFHV50c02Lg~EE8LGbEkIbRXUZaIWlYwnLC-MzPtuSXhFjHW03h0v~QGeIlYFr8nkpBayqdB8SLkieKygnlOgLRSehmHWZeA0yIz1aCpDuTrZAmAdb3ZwcNm0fxWl~AEpELZ-ax8x6Ibb0kHgPxP1lRr1J7MH~yYXrkymqIPEj-sNLavlAN5oEK6~A45hLd-IENfQ9v-AlntZMon~zeDvxDwHqyKy4OOCbHV7LmitYryEZTVoQNDPPHa6o0pnkBjaPWEnJoDqzU~s-alViTYwR7qkGZMxSp~tej~TngU8GUYEHn4kdTnni0~RTY~50ZyI~2~2ESUCIfFWHzYKQXclzt-uxmNsCL7npmD1-MKZUQ1ECwPR2xKv5vqJwO5ZKAAAA
# i2pmetrics.i2p: v65p4czypwxrn35zlrfkar2w77vr42acd7gbszegsrqq4u7sip5a.b32.i2p
i2pmetrics.i2p=hAWtiGgfgn57cJuNXkGI45qccoXbHUxy0xFocCc3zWc0kGvsJdQDG33sVeqbu0lA0p8xdWQankrUhosUn1n4BXkpWRXia6NJxcGAq2cg2i05BN1agp9ROpVK5BmVvk9VHjMOxtOqadYP4ycjJPkzSIDtChcXUjxARJnvkTYJzqYSUIMJ~uNF8sVzzis~ty26hYvFv9YhCdXpKA8rNDlAxcLWdtZ6vMrKutQeDnmbt7LDUZMUtkkEsoSjcysi4dXxM~n3HmPzYz16u3lzNSBB3Jcb4C0HjnmgKOzeES-bFmFiQa5tMzvAcsaXqDKab2n7DY7k6vOryI37i2a9iYNzFrHbSIF-YByz12xTRbY0pb~pmKRj~FfhcYFoiQL7mBd6QX~ZRkFpNR8zArWO~2bj0Hls9QBVvTW0AxZ8N0Lei5X~Wf6MQrnGTFZHV-Vp7e16mv3bwOPkicIjNMR-nCr-UivjiMnkffXnVxXnBfJ6RixDFk9M6~SE2QCc1Y39qFBIBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2pnews.i2p: tc73n4kivdroccekirco7rhgxdg5f3cjvbaapabupeyzrqwv5guq.b32.i2p
i2pnews.i2p=XHS99uhrvijk3KxU438LjNf-SMXXiNXsbV8uwHFXdqsDsHPZRdc6LH-hEMGWDR5g2b65KLlSm8plFrTusR-yxBfGHtZLa9vhXCwWXXbUlBe7Ty6NlwY7GmJItBKPO09BbUa0oJ5jITjLM1mVxeHShAZs8IMlLJjYaeYycDdaUInuPrng51~ySeiiKKxHa3qJkFOuPgQQiCXqy-9Qhi7t9j16iXzWWZ5yN7XcE9i1J7UQix66ntwILTnTAYBelNbONPiSJzKq-BiXj13bI3~liBgckJGf1a1dU8lOuAemtB-XM36cUcg~LQ6iHMuxK-AE8UDQHTNma6E0TxlK5DizV34UgiJ2CxRB5n8BBrZQEvIjYOExXyt6gbopL-aer1qrL1zoIKoMbGon5P4GV~f8NyClJKHXSS2NW7FV-kZbmA0WSLAxecyBfSLStIlw01gtnb2OAQt6OkMQ693N2-L~IJMg4f1lWK4Pv0bIqJUrHZS8YyeWbb4Y~pto6hkd0kgRBQAEAAEAAA==
# i2pseed.bandura.i2p: 2bpbnalf76ktxzhfekkwcklmo45xzedi5em5bdoyedrhw5bhvtia.b32.i2p
i2pseed.bandura.i2p=S7bcKF6T-YNkx9gdDEO7qWevvAIMMl79jgbUO3xNjo1nCXLtue7d0N3YlhdJwqPcdX~N2yZiHMT1ieZ8uluS6kj8YvmgoAYUUTv1ScCi0fuj~LYExRrMPv7HgwfBEKXa64mrLJDxCKfn0ZBKO7CCVwaC09sgMaNXBewSNOEWanZyOH8TsmgHnV~SAn9SoOGF-A90zOLU3d0ZcnF8VIB9hwIRJwUXp-Cp0Xjd6-mC6IC~qtbQ-oMUPj4lQa7KB9Hwk3Y0iHfsu5qiPnWH~vNQ3tNJIvHvh6Y70B~89i~1YOLHxXTKfkMLYGtJQ5t~pgSUtzzCR80Qj2pZ7YBQiMPNbzgDcr8qzBYnsf4gxMAZ2OBGPTk82UeUL0Bh8fg1Na0gbkDkHXdNy74By8kNYcbWoDSuKHj7vJ6msyy1Cd4JKdYXheB2cOZGpQEOQTU3wHHILsYTfcpcys3KDQGvA7bm4LiDXE06iR5tkNR75e~G33MVH02NYTG5xHLcoJrmuyRBBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2psurvey.i2p: pemwrlamhiiv74ok4kwoo4eqwzzjshp4q7ir3nlh4jfnt4zjncia.b32.i2p
i2psurvey.i2p=l~sP-CezNaaQu16ayhx3THcdiBKFlrGSVbUsAkoCtHZWyYU9FBInEOEI3DW9VKzl-021vKFOp7elCvjMqEOFH1SgFh9XVBeGeBoXhfHr1HSsFGd-bCT5cNAoYiyUocSKc8stQ-19eOSehZmMsnnUyd~dZAbkC4eJ76JhkFkg0wzcEoaOIlzmwH1QMjpwof2Vp29Jo0rEl0M9Ir2~1bCKnRzLaD3dz6v6zVU0kSl2RdY~uXL9ZC7DOMu540tl2rO2S8JEyLAoSHKPd~rlcEled0AEVhB~8jAM30t1ylElZq84pzHbwimQa4iEHjtBll0mm7I5dzzR~7SnmhODCXtNFOzK7gSmXqR6w38fVd27ZMIUlzEcOhm8ADnIYA5mTaWcn2gj8H8WjbsCL-FQiYOjZqW1QiBTSF9~01Ntc7GjNhKB1KvTsNU8wrmPSPuGERMDGb96RPtrijyq~rJVeI7eERJa-6A8zgb0d~YC7dQwj5ipNqm2fJnVHfknrBmLaApYBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2ptimes.i2p: 563tjwihw2ql5q2kl7d7md7ywedpapoqgkxgazkz4gmlrb2flqbq.b32.i2p
i2ptimes.i2p=1vn6BPAs4ABVWHZEwzy0WaoX7UqrBX9MEDa9HkOWeOMslmTJTIqrcqjG-FJuaVetppcip7Qis~uZ1afashcNR702SiPYnX8RRPGO2BqRyVGwE1O-MXe~HhOMpymh6wap--cHDbGldry1yEmdV4Zr8TM1AqDcvctBs-PhIOQOL7xnty8wQ3hXS~OesDPkmnqqp6sgOxKLQthIOcOFzoFAbNhGGA459L-Nf3hQPWpxf0jf-lGma1AM5~QI7YRDGrPQFdP3Mub4HD4byfkHykoJlQVbOhKk1rJ9CfEfR6LTTfPDZvX-tF01dN9lwmPkBqYDbjSDsmppcQI3MjZDB3icM1F7LuV25UiOVsaCMhsBHADJxXN2SW~JUEpjb1IBeG6ZQcqNRG538CMrdZt4B7T8sCEE2MoAZdzUgwSGVXstg~t7SWPpjVmyvFkxnI-ZQqAxmpYCwmtQSzugB6OfbALVlDvmRPZSwXQLbi1-f0S1UGySDK3nJO4iw2G2GzhvrTu1BQAEAAcAAA==
# i2push.i2p: mabdiml4busx53hjh4el5wlyn4go5mgji2dxsfyelagi4v5mzjxq.b32.i2p
i2push.i2p=gk1CJW3Th40qFqwjgxk71tuSt5Ps2tq5-~LSem3IS1uKtNntVShTHDybzzhOjEfJu0kuK4FkXNgjsnYcXJqP5GBnG59hVjEbxQRCWgXK8ytuzykdj3Iob~BVV9UKcYpNXsJGdPd-zgS0Pidz81-0RSHmB-6-z-u4pZi20ry456xS5DXkAwn8enaAVu9-qsDFN4Dtb7AqztDi8BNzj9YfO7dSV2LXBj86RH1EN-pJEP1gmTA5MziHhAOoB0ODKGkuId0VeYD55yR7yXeDSKN-IoGu6RvlBWZxCHyBwd6O1AqD3XBPguROEWVe0r3~rkrr7JJ5bCtDua3tXS3zqcu0fQHKQMBIJHwaBFrD7z~9SweKAA67lmLjqCwJBpqib0LbBDv6oCXOkX8p6iABJfFCTKHQPAt5EeFGy9Fk5uxYjULAc2bTKKcErXHz07AtEFYqA8eEvaM18iUnnxavGBKbB9DXrwtlv2I~Rh7smowvmEfQpUjYqK4MwaGV6DWNl8EwAAAA
# i2pwiki.bandura.i2p: isbf7tzeyrutnd5rvmjpqaohe7cz6onqgci2wvbuyfwc62w74r3q.b32.i2p
i2pwiki.bandura.i2p=wkxm~NFEaaM5R~ILd5R2MZwNQwN4YSrwX1~vILVUWrkCklWy6kjmFERwjPFP7GnL~ZrfaP~SkVxiX6EOM~4wuS0ZzmJBNQ-uZnda2Ea36KUSRHIHGAgk80p6IrhbG~nf~gxgQigkLwsT5wV2SZP-jwY8Fya4BVAThaDtg4LMWKZicotJ1cEQo2jm0sJ1hTcThan0j2Exhm3Gd4ohFx-TfJiTqS0c9pjusm20fsem0ChVrPc7nIkoJV9rXTK5AnFUJx1GFEBzFlCHDcd32fJS2XVVF9HERbsnIXKRepkeh4w~QVE6qfgVLRtxrPHwqscXLsM0pb0B8fGF1frMWBqW3NLckX6t9wLu0u5KCTmisjsjg2q7eYJaFBngExJpbOuS7ZrUhlW7MWYHZqJI-LrRw3gEB8foxQFipoExP4htuscIzmhgOhK09PclYO-KVOfIBVmghXPph~ejER~RgvqZwedJI~~OFK4BDM5so5soD~rQB62YE21rMF~chFh3myZzBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2pwiki.i2p: nrbnshsndzb6homcipymkkngngw4s6twediqottzqdfyvrvjw3pq.b32.i2p
i2pwiki.i2p=Zr1YUKIKooxymZRqLvtfSYuZggqv5txkLE8Ks~FTh3A8JDmhOV8C82dUBKJhzst~Pcbqz7rXc~TPyrqasaQ~LioAji~WLSs8PpmCLVF83edhYpx75Fp23ELboEszHduhKWuibVchPLNa-6nP4F0Ttcr4krTlphe3KveNfZDAbm511zFFlNzPcY4PqOdCRBrp7INiWkVwQxwGWO7jiNYTYa5x4QXJmxIN1YOiNRYQST7THz1aV6219ThsfT9FE5JtiX-epli6PF5ZX9TcVSjHUKZnr8uJLXfh5T4RMVNe1n~KXutMUZwxpFE0scOIez9vhDFd7t0HPIsQUsv7MUBzrz4FM9qol7UUPueSGDRgTOOfXMfj4BDsouiWQC4GcSmH3SflR0Ith9QWKC4u3XYvB7Tw-70QWBEV53hUo6I8YKidV13WgeN9JI3KWTYkMyX-TYjmY9y2q6Xd-Maszv4Tb~NzxQs9CNdu0W-JRSUFOqzgt3l4cx0K1pmx4p0tM5dLBQAEAAEAAA==
# i2pwriters.i2p: c4bktwlfzo3xcaccdw4nhtji2dmlg4sd36du2wynpclowx7kqolq.b32.i2p
i2pwriters.i2p=WMaqKdP8HWZGJba4DxBslGfo9VXo00izYEE9B~PovglO-~VYuS0Nzqcoqmd2sFcp3SLa7ULdFvJ3dBSkweBlotGD64gIB6IWpcgf9i9Qsq-SZhrQHiBWduyRQtYn2r0ForfD6lmmejQqeYvx~zJsR~FdeVTcYzs6Urjmz7FRi2o~q2yl673WlndgKsva8VZCNnhIVC0Uzya2I2j80xqUwtMG93gEHoUbsFck1IOl3SRl6dFXxPQZ4v~xDi7OM3h7~o-E3PSTozLgLI6ZPlOjFi8OiMDKKxJ9x-Qiu8Pwwcm2L3RvwajI~ZeyMUH7KU8MnqCMoFtp0kgP5ezNTP9kGAOQMPtjO3v-QfPRYXMq11xaf6DTZ8vm8F8SVUUibyAkrYJuf52vzV~FjlvB3~iGEtvxg3RdDT4~4aK4IT2poR6lTXmohiQPt2PPUX33SiTahOWUUznuYMGQuw5o7berDmtuLQiWvDCxIuWMG8tNEzz0Ku0dt00Uqyf9cxCMSyLaBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2pyacy.bandura.i2p: owy6s5xlkf4zsrwwpemvoru6x6qmrye2pe3v4v3dncvcrzix3fiq.b32.i2p
i2pyacy.bandura.i2p=ziaXrlbvNLIRNigNQe~AH3weiRHc~-djuHR7SFA4F0HYxs1UjYF8XWs7IEoDNFTrobO1nY3D1IJlylnKXR3m6H-9WGIa34nhMVQNSM0gqYbYlgi87wO9LCbrch5l34vgj4NeJCn1flnaAB5ZhNLxBv2JOp3ddc4CquA2w5iTyXUXNXylQg2iT3vs3sL4FAIa275NNe6ytmhSp3K3XDzuHqTG~IsK1dvONDbxgY-FTBDfCb2wUGgCWjcJMxWn6-XqlzxbzehPHvoFUM~EMquJQTjACcBk2QbTKeL73BFYLCHs8QYGxdDpPtwucfAothpXGRZuCJ7Ft-vHQXXFOoW70gYrz67USM~qSbxwk4-EonM55C55L-ML5NKmmRSIuJ2mH0wd7sIpGb9jVyTelmKnPB-yFLO23tefuXsvAw7ob--m3kCj81QMDTOjFEe2mhQ5k6Rju6VCMOES4trmvm10d1zDjGQLRqXJxuLRHnESYLtdX009f9LHIgati81Lic9eBQAEAAcAAA==
# i2speed.i2p: 532c5r6ra6rcf2mvfgtlcxbn3lpplybwxul4xsg3ps64dlx73fga.b32.i2p
i2speed.i2p=cgxz8x1HPCAkvq2iNvL1mVOubq2p9oy-qZKpcAPU6eMFR93MnwoBEwamXXu6r5R0B0Nwuw0bUAaJulzvc1v9lak83LTkvyRWZ7ACUqlhOvTAkVVe54JBmJqSvOdxwQVzw9Qsb4xuXXY~53aj5x1QtVbYC-PI5--HgmJaIv~ioQzf9KQ1iVH6zc0KEb4CifGcg8TUSqykMTIAJyNnwn-4XZVl4~ILaymmpR81toHIfBJyQUPsVEqCqvAyyBbpg9bRvbhQxqmi0baVLiGmxLOzvOIPDKNZjUJsCUjofkTwNbgZZCtTP3LIDlaIeWiHIMQAHdsGDCb9ZL8SwEv-5iJ6NhnS6E8iC5Rw06RUx66mDthJeHOm-V1TzRiqePv~5Z9V3iz4s3uHCkpkSrTa3n1rlimkq2gP7RLmfYoRVuTmNRSWOZwRE71SQ4NMNFc6vpf5uSUUPzgJrEeCD~xjIf-zgBRJldczPxC8lMhdB~FhPMC-0hC5NDjRbAG5HiNTLsUZBQAEAAcAAA==
# ibft.i2p: ds36spqcf7dnj46in5vfnbbwcbjpslo6aafkdrkc47a2oq3zvtta.b32.i2p
ibft.i2p=mUt0tRdA1JwwMmzHf-atSbZcF44iwRf2wYKN-Mbt~2rkLficZ6CvEUgE1apXm0flHEt5X9b~Q7UwuWcqtEMimkYhcDCZ2obfo4vX2uWlqzH1c8uosdmi9ks39Xs~XPorGqA19g-xEmJCc88~ewle6kzr5A7e3EdGv62OAjjGuvc29vLT9nzNKUYAP~19T~kw~MAtc1QkADZhYeDnxjtWIKpwI-AV6vwQIMCD3OULNGTCJIJiKnUFROmg-dce6ed-Ai72e-Uci9hNagMQdGz3zuqnxhZKKbBkHNjC12fwIc4vDfjFUGKtezBumDf9f48IJPLuPzzAqpccBLRbJ4Y2o1w~YsQpBJ9140~snwrlQIPG50B9WB-OcIAfNAiLdtv6xeMF7MxOuGOoGLsiUfwa7J-QOOhOlgwEIqtzppEk~JAvkVqRJwwUAULdDzUeM-RnNMj3I0Vm42dUC4BQTXYiHYh34vRNyN4r~SLYdGRODuu2VhnjjtOgl5sXYs~GOtemBQAEAAcAAA==
# identiguy.i2p: 3mzmrus2oron5fxptw7hw2puho3bnqmw2hqy7nw64dsrrjwdilva.b32.i2p
identiguy.i2p=EhDXPsItHi7Dfx8~~0iHPzkjiK1568wqEifARTr-ngIznwVaBmeEnSHXfLkA-7F~Nrqw95yQLlZpja6N1DyQNtJXPx-Db3apXuKwsuTNSGgZme2kFHXPh7PCsfzARwxn4d2-Nx75V4BSCgQr0gRjDa~L~JmtxPRUpZX2NyBvD0w5MSaD~9t4RuCRQ2gVDpUUDcTh2jkm2bX-R9vRIHhCZLasHxDR7rJC9-38uMsQ6ywd4ulQQYIs0kB1sEofdXUypyqphQU9xIxz7azgzKJp~dHnJpJ6SpaH7UrDN-YfOkAvGFBbk9k-u3NGl571Y205dQF~l3XHvVKf6NS9~JvtVh0JibwQ2qLVPy3Y~TtViffvpunNGOrfnVrT5-1c3lWNHx8gTalY3R-vU5rDd8Bz3AhNM6KWktZq8LiHHhJUxIkebXZsid-f2g~QgRRywxG7ksIlKsCMEn076f03L-oWJIlrAg5MdQd-qlg1Bs1IhrR8YT8jNYrX1bGdlmPrJDpiAAAA
# idk.i2p: b2o47zwxqjbn7jj37yqkmvbmci7kqubwgxu3umqid7cexmc7xudq.b32.i2p
idk.i2p=spHxea2xhPjKH9yyEeFJ96aqtvKidH-GiWxs8dH6RWS2FrDoWFhuEkfw77pF~Hv57lLhMaMB3qqWjCtYXOjL48Q1zYbr3MAcTO44wwVPjOU1hU77vbJcUuwBeRvaSr2dZx-FiTSOdQuhPD1EozYNRIMFwZ0fZwKf~3Gj4dEWccOLKs~NbiPsj-~tc5tmhAs8yBeoZEqEBe40X75SfSHY-EnstcZevVAwIXYk3zX3KF0mji3bo2QXuTFcMZHHLiLd2AHLRANzWyvQ9DC1rnCsHJM4xxV4dVp0pHkP1hwBo7E0NJvN4nFkQcj-FI2RJ~cFUCk7qc86PRHwvKCjzSlrgjtDsMUwd83Dz1PfpzCqHNLUFWI7uPKbKcJZhasFm4kEhUyupd85q75Ch2IZE9J2JXodSxmseO5ZKcHK6pFtfR-HbzKjIe92TWHsNkmvtoHiUaOVrWnk-cmo2I1W1VxfL08teDxQ13P80uFaMcameRzuFM2F8pSOpoyEJUDRGLEeBQAEAAcAAA==
# ilcosmista.i2p: 6u2rfuq3cyeb7ytjzjxgbfa73ipzpzen5wx3tihyast2f2oeo24q.b32.i2p
ilcosmista.i2p=b22rR4M5C~~8IXL2DPFfNzneQzkl9tNDJ7Z8byYBubT6eGJ-EJBSXZ0qPryFtyw2~ts6YVrmqKr-U2S7H1QdE4p0xBkm5HIlUfg~X8GlyI3-33rFUPYwJT1oaFlrLOQKM6V3tDuGDcBh97gxi~G3o7t9gZ10HnAfO02Bm1xs2Bac2unSEw0JGCb~kM5TjzBhcbwigLXSM9zaew9PxaijtcaabCu0ido8H1MJOhEtN8gpZPFNLoF8XUa2Mz4eyAeCowvQgeYmBv24sMZqfoKUeA1ofrorN5NnWHCs4~eFEQmbw-Fz7DVcwq9obVCgp52-ACY5TBz5WK~g7MBLWAmIuqaU1Sr9X-RL30cXSXUq4ONfJQ95wSplvd5FGsmZQhjvSVAtI-83u6dDMp66Ef5R2cdUqJJ4xv5yPAgFDAY9Z~bYkFuSVx~CmDRBBYpPzRaIrilHNm2HXy-Bf2a0uvqVAsvWD2confqNMPBQlSS2tsiIawY~i0zeUTrl25PWO2s6BQAEAAEAAA==
# ile.i2p: q6rve733tvhgyys57jfw4fymqf3xsnza6dqailcdjcq7w4fa5m3a.b32.i2p
ile.i2p=uealg-47g1LDtbuIchVwSLs9E3zdwBh4DVoxBvtuHn7swSoQ8RPEpH2A227IW-hP0vn3dDk4FQ4yK0fNdbBMiW6DV7KkjrdzS5L6cv7-C4f067uWoFT0B5ILBj8Ars1dT6UiinqZnktDU88AhdAhSrAkw0eZ2FXbWgUEYD6cqaqwiN~iL4~uCEX7dBIiYWSis2JDsAj9AGLj5WXJiqAGdwE-qlYVu7zwUJuB5wc9Oh5fnY2hYsYY60j4EaVRLcUjbt3wZdjhVMA-LX0lT2PNBhYaERYBX-kQncLaciHVVSaKJOOSsvwRADfNbKg93ZXqu2w1eoS8RaL4ACK6t6wITLNab4EW65tPsLnqTNE~iYdGFl2jFZNdp-qSyBTW0TpqfCBL3-q2-95fqbTPC72lJuWH8uPJJ9~pG1YJJfQGJrPOmAEkz9XcCxe3BzWRCc2YYisnq2BEI4EUPZT~XmXRu38eYcuZFYJ2Rmwj1hUFM516K3SVfKAfgXFBdjxiLE5VBQAEAAcAAA==
# ilita.i2p: isxls447iuumsb35pq5r3di6xrxr2igugvshqwhi5hj5gvhwvqba.b32.i2p
ilita.i2p=8j3x0VFOgNIChEcb4nVhJdLTK78B722mzLuQvA4whVk35GAlx67gwuSsMqZ1hmShk77DHZAke3FIN8UkqGZC3HGBys2CmXsl8-DNm4QM7TUIp0RKOP1TeRCHbMJodsAZrcTfY~CBJUKRoAdvDgw6KlTRmJx3CUlQMyagMEyzCT4KphWRAqPkhpnF50qVvDnoJFuXTTD0c9CT2LL9IxeC1YXvWIjLfDdpbreq68UJJMKwFSlGpHTD6okRhkZiiX14yVVOIQFOTu7o9fprKEqeWRr3nHgSAfmTD4F8BR-QS5pE8onPRLbWNqzlrbx~b2Hvf3rj0Aio4YxpotswJs~X2T3O1ezTazfbqAV38bMDBRHa~baDZaknyxafX8pqXYwXQqi6ZL1VVtTHX4M4nqvFoCWj2E3pA31YF1Ic5GsAyGZAq70Q9i3NbzVJ0~uQe3YzJ9HNjD9izl30DWEu7ECQclh~LTKkxgZt6iVXe4fdAJZHTclEAouplwHtYOe3mMYEBQAEAAcAAA==
# in.i2p: r5vbv2akbp6txy5amkftia757klgdy44s6cglqhmstpg65xycyjq.b32.i2p
in.i2p=NdpfI4l~kQACqEaLO6HHhibbYXAMAyRWcOw-fjzPjA40OXGYqvmm7QC0GKLcKEWrROb5AF2kG-~qq5BR~M7FZcugzAolC8PV3-ymTrQ2Ws~-5INlf14C09doqdqfmjuIRktEYGlrBmIR1ihGgSADWIDjqW~qyytS3lV-~1a6Etf1dawz2D2OSlKl~nFJBnu~4T6WlBiv3ouyEZNRD1eKRahgPQbU2BhdzHbUhrbkcuYAzpAJFZ-jzQYe~iamD52V67N-zD3jXDIkah7hnNIRQFQ4noTqYazcCFa8uAz~NSl4YzXvBqDD9pTZzx37nyGa79EQ5jc6rIhaAoSD~Qi2RknDPbkykrev1RNG85B3Q7BW6rRw4lrdVmkRM8kMlJyqxt2XO3pH-cdlofAVASvQlUGBK-qEYZNVLCcP-o~ySvwbMydAMXCz9Jpgbb87wa~5MaVO6ITZaJaDrWlylDsObDm3hDSCi~YRZ4g356sopO6wAmLISnfvEIaV0uFDDS6FAAAA
# inclib.i2p: ux6prousphswf56bym7yo7kst4ybh45y2z2wrnw7dujmrz56hq4q.b32.i2p
inclib.i2p=oOFBzsqlNUPRzyUytF9iyC6MZSuuXKeweHcRMNfyWa4MHVXEDwitX4sBh621Z42hRqW9wS1ne3daqPCOvJLOd9yU9HnZit6OXf0QPn0C6kUeA4U3wV9YRg0VfkMCFnm3xfhvshYCs4NTzHm799nMj2eWBFr7QODquR14918KI6pH6DoyfG~EEsiUZlUvDFe230~~C~UkIa~h9TmymsB6I02rDJkk0aU21XXgZfdrhvom2jw4cFIPu8cuBftUbe1B6JySNokqiZ~~F-fF3B1KZvT7N~AadkfaMNw8t6fMwftYzU6ru88OCjZVqcNQJ9DBlsnjSrNYktK5v8qLbMUrrOxPM8BrEd35Liigxq9ychoZrwy0ectX3wZRMq-teSwKtdHk1uFAUuRRxb-4VSz5DdlEsowkmumTgu4O8WxAWk02JKGAq-1~RmeZpYZU3P3AeMlKpQJpVdStlLPwqxgO4KAsQ68mpM0wIVkMF2bsKPFh8UfPvXM9S9CJBRHLeYMjBQAEAAEAAA==
# infinitesimalium.i2p: 5c5ub3mu2g6ku26ajtx2adlsrci372bi5ioqvcf4vgdsnmar7dhq.b32.i2p
infinitesimalium.i2p=grVq3S0ykJZ9o1~Pa0J~mRzJrgLtOXdH2m1HZnvEYEfwcfq-QLxXVcGmO7OB-4IpKIlmoo-J9IyKq6QPlQa2VQ6yxVjeZLQg1xczVxdpUc0cO7ySJ~CkvxPIZF0OH~Tfv2yT~g6ucAFvDCnXp9WJUexgZAH6C5Egaw0F-5i0bpKjM1lB-xnoWHzVxNIx3J3QA8Oq187WmJuCIvwReKspM0cf2VaMG7kQad-5VpaK1-F8F4EGvSP~-p~Whv6150VollUTknma7E9CH5JP77zbQn3dgTY0ZqAxT0rLehF9puG9pj6LH0Fpcvxj0sB-a8BH8kSHM1VSoOEeO1Pjwulo2-upGqg6GGh6Rus~f1GKc5IMpNsTEZpMwVh4~ZC0671d4Gu3zee4XuO~jCHXcObmCb4HutWQdpYXP2nn1JAHB~oiNkK05cKI3HHdTUCWMqfOzK7nZ5KBFTRAvfaOvbKa1AvZRiVDGEpCbcMmaFo1Bb~nooV9R85MU4zIrNmB4~QiBQAEAAEAAA==
# infoserver.i2p: jd3agbakybnhfvkeoxrx7t33iln6suzomv3kxkxf77j7rkonch6q.b32.i2p
infoserver.i2p=JI53pg~4veckQ-glceS2H04J5E60OAo9iufjLB18ocHeNonKZgET-DJsp6LyuXKgSsITeD-fcvowXEokbwzxhimT5UCDm-~c2BUZKSwd~GWjXppeNunb-t5mlejNxOnLS5JVJ9xZTUZ5qJdbTLREGJMSYONS~yeD9duXWkDUuxWT-nUAJQ~17ysTmQrybFxrJipljIY0bJwzst2464jSTqko5zJAVn60UHHUdKSphOuIs0EbsXKzLEmpYyvkUQsW64Qd0JpsIRsgqlTrxPh8mTBE5F1AuiSu~PGK1~WeoytOdMZuJ-kdgeB4cyvcUEX2po-Q6-DJVgFQYCX3sJ3ThysupIO5ytx7n2CPxwd9rf2N1qAdWD9rMTRwXjAC9-asif1dFnWCRK0rBGxVspBZ8eBDLmyvD3bjD7rMhrF8WKpLbn0vJE3FJFDhShJN1NlgSX1HIDPdKtS5rgC7GNYG1fjogxuLcL9NsyJHz6UCJxo8R2BaeSJTl10IJPwNMy0lAAAA
# infox.i2p: qoz4bwrtnicqyxemrxubdc65uojrqn2iem6v55b6xmxzdmfzcvlq.b32.i2p
infox.i2p=UNy3vpo-Mz-j0ongr-DTtGmhSf~UjsChcA1nPJ9OzHpwZWMfcMZmUVaeSXP8T6inkK3E4fE5S1KvqVkj4b7Z-XH6VWLsEleWmxpPMhooCbPsnhQTWsbOucBm-A7VHz1EmVwOfytzNQ5vN9BiwAYwO~NKw3Yl-ySSwsSdRqCCZ6cuL8tKtcfXkybYUe5zKZUGAeqRHmbnEzPpOujK1tf8514i79uChx44uy9xyi38NohDjhdoh5fFM2C9n4kGD0cyg2HnwfQ~P8iXVpuLv5pu3TNfItrjrlEVAipaCqWofeGCB7rruHUmcUPtjuL9XF7qhNWHta2dK5J04wesjG7HWf2jZmdmZNummtm4iPhoOMWQW~pYizvrHLVxgvUwGLKxlTShATNXuszkHLTgwigF1iATH-4sP1xVMmokcHyGlCHSvOFL48dWLnrRkotsOfcsQRsp6d34qx0m7ilb3tZc5IcWXfW1gWFaPl1~BLDZZCuiccBrJIq516UQBNdp-lslBQAEAAcAAA==
# ing.i2p: hxqjbkpn5fxnmurlab6oluyqf3dd2xnxszeawn4ak2s4rpjnfheq.b32.i2p
ing.i2p=-SEqVR40tBx5Cf3BVJzQL9JFL21DfOwCx7rLlljBNgACvptT5mEEbVzdKvPcaC1J8zc68r66yHZihkpPi4FiYWOuAKvR~kxcI00r57uNUBAYiG8DTcXZ1WO2oVbREyRB8zY5-fqZx~rFNfqqu5Aty8AVS6bCsbmYAuAmZ4tFv76rMJJGvbpDMXvJ5Xk5WR8XJGBlM6ZYFJoDKBYmw5UKeRZmH7b4T4B616Hn~n2rgY7yg3-y967WYQSzxocz2mcg9RwBNFD5lYUYA2S7r8scQazFfZrBWsyLOrpI-aIilLQUMNrSvYYRGR4PxWzUWJiIseh89y0IwJ~233AopdFUhzncyA7zZIYEXn0nT6OHpeIdvQuwU0G2f6gWZMAqPntg9qAhkV4RyMes1aDPK~ZHNfSlLu8brO3I4uCvOJOysWbb4-rVQJQcJwERRjAe6UYzedBvIOlTPkFFqgpxUp0iSJDXjID6fs1kQ9En05Iq4tbsn7uD7SiprLIf2TL8ILQ-BQAEAAcAAA==
# inr.i2p: joajgazyztfssty4w2on5oaqksz6tqoxbduy553y34mf4byv6gpq.b32.i2p
inr.i2p=GGB99wXYBnX-wOxQ~Xrvo7AvngoYgifvZZL54ksZWzclcirG7AysqfkAKyv906PxfM4y2DcN2K9m4-D99yFj-1BdnUuIEqfi2yuaaVoWuOffT3h9ne~kZnq3C-wrmczD70Gxk4shvSVxMdUEFvEip8QY4K0R-FiKBsFAfWGTE3b9d-QCzP0H9VP5V-CaYjYVQuMRgMluk9gnoLRipvV7483f~rmGgYX8xwygEAQ3v9P4hrAlJrP0lWJLI1K6KQucP3THIxZ4A9Xxnl0I7EZAT8bHwzschFrcDPYM~DtQdkJTz2VphocbNLfIExTrFt88-xC69WE-fSbaMf9jucT4f5kdpfpRu0kM~am40etxPs8uXGF-L9IXCjgUkJHrWdPHeGhnx-ye2xvUTLO2jyga8iY89Ee3IpqivVUg-iAQJzX9NXC29sf0YzNj8d8mdWRNuzbLSx9CVJ3l1NPJr4k7hmCqf8lBGXNIFZQL4Wez1PPcM4gw0o73gqIxkxvVzVcpAAAA
# instantexchange.i2p: 5wiyndm44bysev22kxvczxt37p6o6qroiqykytrvn2yzi55aqfxq.b32.i2p
instantexchange.i2p=BSz2poFS7PhACoNo9YdRKcnFVQySPv9cdSXaznhLW9adzpBYvvXFkbNdT780sl-NKkwSP04t3PPsri6UjDwioLGVGsp697-nuMBJmEH0zFhy350AyZ7QEcGbukLuMTQDwDv87j91AzN~Ozl3SH-XPRMLxQFJ8juclTV38mLwsQtrov5rbl~hbNRgOnQr2v3FyuRnsVcQ0giYb0oljL6hJEb4x8xyFZ7bDS-7ytj0xAj3MWoCsUN0od3T0z-NTvZcAjh2KTQcdb9EvSRxQ7OSGRzKpH0K5ERBsLKu6bqILeGSGIMWZ5yByjjelUPLQZDJ8xoSFt8MTYRuopOwOm-oCCw9RdxrQGnDTvlAw~NLepIb-b9AArqiUn~7nwxavoFFGcqhlRFtT23JyYYCWNfEyz~nsW6eWe3AQTEK215keCo-CQs2CLDTmOgN543tRw0CYd~-vmKgknklO8RS88VVWttkXyRLwH7sLRDDYnvNMHv3rdjILpxcziUEzmL69dZ0BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=4rWwpsAZhdhWCymecyg2t5Wz396CpR-3zayMiEL3VACfo4gYRQvntY2yS-~VBgQvpVrcfC4dVK4pBisxSgHDDg==#date=1547771993
# ioannism.i2p: g2246vc2tq64rmomwe47v3jnbpz3b3ec2wrrhadukj7lxmwd5aoa.b32.i2p
ioannism.i2p=sLA~5lsk3LyA7wGUxdigoFN3lUAt4Yf71ipQ3UvaVbuVG02tWcioQDyeGOkg4jL65CixFk2peiolvPIGOAKrvjLaO-sqBsYXc~9OWsiLB-wHmd9eccuKJIj1MBr0ZOMUQXYnU44cKGF~Y~s9~hjDGb6hofOzzPZ7IijMnyvUXph-2MpHr8~jO0zF3cBDsT2WuRtJI2bVpmONDCLOMKSt9r30O8m8maYjV-XqqwY6cIhp~yJmhpKH~FHrOuOGyF-mq5o5ZlQPXurAcP3e-vdUEzYpWGHOIEs9BD66lbQIixIGcbGgqd2RnV73hsej5DsA2hO9BsjYyMXTMrOMfF0s6oX0UaNN3mDccNF41VaMkUlMlY03FxaFLfWnNdZqN~HHwmf2SePnBEvXeB1EvDozOwyDNjSzDjDYelU08~~I7mtbB0iCflqsOVQ5yvR0PwkCvKW2Y6x7B~sK1exZEmGIS6mfgNOHeo8Dyeh9TMIsbRE4aQ67v8wtttDnx6yzY51UBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=7HnQmx22h7UETm6lDCGxZMbVtGJXEixpptxSKNhEd3G6HVOyFD0Xn71-jtOyLRaOtAJpjCD2j9CN09TlNTUZAQ==#date=1590580318
# irc.00.i2p: bvcja52pppgfspp2ueuipoysjnvvoyblz2h6smpxcmanjquogirq.b32.i2p
irc.00.i2p=YE~zhkIoJuo3mfQUEY3XVLK9Quf2mSB~auQj13-pzWydzMbW0ZfN~tIoUTKJ-6YXX1YwuU-rB3k4v5a-WjRGxue2H0jhReGnvoY3eI~5RSvquM0rA9zpkaqYXSTlHMweSQCaAZdQdQ3pOZTq0xzFuuHBKwL~0F~-khPjXTxUrixvsXJsIeNuO2UPTSj5Jwm1J3uO4OCyoBhKn0~oIWwDnOQwm0TkVoZUT1QVwSzcW0H9O99XqtO6M4yLRMrX-Dvg7iGszoigzbdngQEil3ZibKYegv3tPnz8y80UzmI4VW5sqN35qZpkhz~IV5jvSQGs~LEQZoZ0qjFaYmYcUewsW9KYlRmvVhQ32YB-X4ZbZUNSz354uK65AhHW6khBb4koJZ3ZLuPKguH66JkH6SIbB67R3CH2JKyCTLyM100sJmUgdGy69nUg8ZOuGuvETNCus4t5pWaTCkjbixCletBorMEz5vSSjCVgk2MuyxaBqicxMZ-hj7UoXHFK9CnNEeadBQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.acetone.i2p: qyzbrdw26ejjdjzsrcmq5h3ggdzk6cq5xynrgee5t5q73gq545yq.b32.i2p
irc.acetone.i2p=9Emy1c3TlPf2o3Kb6C2Jf5sR~7WenZoBUTaLkio0-xki-Ig4bpFSuWXsLv4TAC1r~wLppv9d6~kN0ZQK9WYg0VLZQci~hfyAxJb0sNvUbXuZfmqHOVDNQXEYuW29h1eSvtmONQVWGDnskv4kJMp800vFGNmxCWidVtAglesP-9M84dmmgaJtPkL~XznaSt8GjZ9XQi3O6HhMyKIEWvYxxgGl4I8e8CVaTy5hjrnwsrWM2Z-6FtuOnzbWn7RgqPV4doSIa~ioH2U-pcZcXI6A8xdpl6pVZ1GsYjn0v~ggf8xmvexS7WFfTttmSnRdDw4NNrgUpadiUhJKUf31uYzRD9~1ldwtqBPmRKFtPqH2dQNfn85HjQ1CRYd8caNFzREiPhS2fZUdtbecgdbvCEpRTi4gKZNi83C1NxAzCsz~D5UZWrFWGIrWUgndfzvxQewW8-Ym36gPlHIM~fq1F296NQRiXNAoe5zrgIom1vAFdApkQzscQy3DVsAMGZLE0-G6BQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.coldhell.i2p: d4b3dcqt32yq55b6ct6f4rsib5svzgwkfz4klfczuz7e4p2v6rkq.b32.i2p
irc.coldhell.i2p=sdFVA4w4SILW4MnPqh~VayGMphiLOHTV9al-~efneiqsQqplGqUMydktBliB-r-lF6HaNXpFTmDiY2gWMrQ0pN9TzULOQLfF4GUucbeiAsCGExTl-aff5GsnNAnr6r4CIOl8nPV45H0pSWJB8NwfhWgrUsI0LBdrsA3V~xfTccs9HdGADMtYcug~r2C9jbm~TsoVlp9YyhPMgLXFMXsXjCMh8J-mBiNJAyNArJMDI1iu9l1yGAEMNtwyyFuy69lp94L1hp9TwdLfwslOOYMDK2MS2Pa-TRl78uyxtVffocFN5Jozhcdbp32pEFyuJVTZp0~CafNcROjrErknJF-NzKQbECKj8~8EsQXB~55kbwP~n0wtfyt~tLM2OXUe3jQAgFRiMGF27PGHql1Il4ucf71f-3UHFa~xdK5MVeevpCMMYvLhWzIyMvX8hh0EATGOXAZIKNE2vLvOggM9DUJORxI6dT~BbmTi0RLy-TuQDJwC-E72MnSR6Qu0wFBgRHHcBQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.crustyirc.i2p: 4ygmttynho5k32vfm64urriqx2vj3s6hkm52jwv2vlwrynu4z6iq.b32.i2p
irc.crustyirc.i2p=4whGaEuh5L7jJXMvdYE5CWn03ukfloJ7BZ0080Q54k7gKFk3yMg9b9FQ~SXzLMou5LsSQZY0zFa571xCV8qlMBiaJIm9nzwiJlScGuMfFn13GNT31CqTnK8mvNQf0pLmT3ERuNztRtEMPwvYnqZOwnsEmczCwCq2e8yP2T8Su1YnhOgQTHfBwSoMDb~1~OP~EprAIqY9frgpCGzI2KPIU9vYRSzdTJx8ns4OVAEkSQ99b4sj1NzVB0sZuarEh3rzKUQ0BnEvnPZl9ybtgtevwl4z4WsJlrPOwwHMGl9hgoXVyWX37xxP8YsWvoy99QP2zX5FTuJUUiG7RcLH8xfFu0DgF26ZIAfyoFlhlyz2Bxv8hk6ALuu82bRwQ~SFGP0JehL6aqzSw6YRwU4K0eXI9QyBSulXuDwhrdi3Q-TT7INgL2ZajGGv4bOKjVTDdkGo-e10On0mPCziTuMHQ6yNfuBNc2~VFAmcUxUkBRYTi31e~23TmyObjRhM~JyFX5L2BQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.dg.i2p: fvp3pkcw4uvijqabwtekcdilklp73gyasuek67wdcs2mucep4caq.b32.i2p
irc.dg.i2p=bunRitjuWmSGkf5UV7pnjMRIxmP7fuHy9SgDfAA0M~4TWoBr4Ji4m5AyMGzhAdNaQW6c2-0CIe~RCDZ~vcN-BSNpaqzd80gKhXYxqUQQB83XRWDdLz-z0H~Y15k90p~n0GUSzsjlZctkYglNMyQ8MAUIpUEiLz6MVwArZqUI-CDOE664ZazcGtSKfBLZKycHsSj6WfLbwl2-R5Zv4f5Xisv9Hd0b8BsqJEWn1AmBMhM7p8l7okM2ZcRnC5ypzBdLfLSdkGJ5dEZAJIxz-GhtB8rJ3e0jJkbFjknGrJfxbwt~5n00nVuiUNMro2JRxQ7w~VzMw~lYRq~1B5TMtaKRDhxk7pnv5MxmVBFNhcT~hImcyxfT7GfIPzYU9s~uiFReoSjAOJZv-rKq4Oyeyz-Pa6lcg-c3MtuTXjJ2BMX2dA5Jw0FFVDDMOdDL2b1lwtyseQQkGtc15i4EtNy6iJrkbqAnIhO86E2C3jDf~yt2FlDlcbx6dkflJ3y3j2Wu9DAgAAAA
# irc.echelon.i2p: ez2czsvej5p3z5bquue5q3thujcodfze7ptybctqhnqc7hms5uzq.b32.i2p
irc.echelon.i2p=ooAkOd014ooZXQ4rpvFsqAZ108YU9knllXDocY5fD84IrRVXDbRyUFtlboDmiKDPNRTY2JIXvb-l5FahAB9SUAZ8voAdH4ozHrigHVg6scVtwU7GCfjq5byuwnyemupgk6saBQKfuyc7k3bYl5Iro85Lnx6EnaYYbyWjMwoUWksI6o3Hp5bNyj2B5wHX7HLzeg1ByxQZ4Q8BZbALg8yIcvKn3rHN4tO9FhQ-e5u6hRxINbMtBL1Hasxl9I8XSI0yalKSsmpWDNxRcx-2VKlVh3MPK~9VZlBrQzXwObLmpTuTukeNt8nheFQ7mZVAHt~1gCs2TmjQPVm2g9BQ32zqCFDhePNfBcxcG-Xl56mE9n6kUvaJWsy5~VhiZZmCUGKWMx0uH7odSiC3ohNgv7dhDpANVA~gvt0IhhwlnifHBa~HHfjFQz75kl0nzv3htkcBfLt4M3AZ5bKLP8ymeGP5NYINf6uKNJA9XrSoBjmv0GqvBvDP0Zl5OO2tkIxOBEWfAAAA
# irc.ilita.i2p: 5xeoyfvtddmo5k3kxzv7b3d5risil6333ntqrr3yvx3yubz5tk3a.b32.i2p
irc.ilita.i2p=YCPWR2bYjAJChLaPG2QBj-Wjt7DE05-2bO0QyQRUF7CN55JvjFqL-f-k-iJ3X8KnBN6vu5nF0b4I07EQI3L1pkuuugkkz-2TKjM51znU3xqNggwdZwuNyCSuhoWFhAaInfJ4~xBDBoEvDp9IAA5CtD9nob1fa2LIJUn8Dg4bCm7aYkzOkfp30m30B7aNnrmOTIwFPi55QLv6HaiYo50hvnIXlVT-cEJo7eLkaQCs6uM4-OYUbbHW7n5oKt86ZDjsaJUI7mV~sFFrswK9oDnRD1CabXIOwyX7Z-uNmGJTP3adrkd2CGg2fsFoJlb9Qe8-GP4Xhzf2OOb-qiiv-D9S0ZZrw~9dfkiLKYwzD11LEL~EmmkXWKS328je3zxxW3NH-VyfHsw9H~YdmUq3spCKCys325n29KZoIEmZyUWKHf2gmy4TEGMlB~ClyyLRi-ES6BFp-GOD9qQDOaMZ4KQ5VENw0o4pFtiZvrnQyz3IesRIF9~SFXKk4gLKtbAeOkqkBQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.kitsune.i2p: cpesprosbsuycn4ui3neidqdtqz5ufekthob7cobl3p7bcuaoh3q.b32.i2p
irc.kitsune.i2p=Ia-AGw1funh-~1rhsrXe3Vkn8czn29hXS4Cx8u5Me3MBmNC1qWtU3Otbyw7kDY-4E3jP-yMurDlt-4GhH3qHYJr1cvJyaqD7zR6oQKfocJu8-EXwVx9CJhgvRmu6NBlvx7MayrglfNKyAsymkqgmk~Y7Nqqp~HsutSzK-cIkll73YF5V-4E8pl2czxgN1NrRlW9PKACbSISUzMQxOhZ2V0X3oC-~m7bhnVCpYLFaNiAHmTRGvW-CxGLt0F7QPoV8oi~NG5g3si3Gjlak1LOF17uLArWCrvIneVCCmzYpeLVeXon-buh1IAcdl0AAXuH-mFTgKGTmhcUTe3BglSGgdJa49~sCmX-1pE8wp-ET-SmOrovBxCARIdscd6uC8zdscmXD4CL7ZbR-gknznX3kcqh2T8BDXfWGq7wSms9M25sHH4uyf-opZ2zA2cM3ggr~~uLR0Ze2I0RfMYns72ZtLE5zuc-cG9Ekh1VEozothF~J0GDcwvPq2AgH4Tgzvf7nBQAEAAEAAA==
# irc.kobomy.i2p: 2j75o23f3hhpebthdiuzevjo3sphmok4jbr5yrtmwav64v2hzuqq.b32.i2p
irc.kobomy.i2p=x~xateMn50BZV~i~Ktcab7TJqs7f-yKB5AVf40BlQP5ryzShZsaK9CYJQTb6eGUvcKi8OYa-OKOPSWW99LisoXKJWOD-i4OMMFhfj5fMNIYdemMtocouV2p4QtNO1jhwv7lJOBBNqbM4i5KN2Hhe0-q7NyGr820-Japsu7zp9f1G0eqiwEW4xEB0gScAIBzG4G0xYYp1ik-KkvmbBoSstRQcbUdh272~EYyTu~zhfd5e2Ygc~j1gaqMXwh4GuzpnzAE87CDb0JY82IlPOUreYbld4Re01ft1GZqn~aRXTIMdI6DYoc5cqVbwVDpD0KdWlQT0fAhcGlzuNQee8cfNlafAvBzciP5-zxCOoKQY86eqS4KFoRVx56l8nolWzlgYKWzRd6ZuO5miQNoEjneX3qfhuJRkfkuVvDjMlPfgK2EOmOJi2U2z8KM7ZW3KJ9sOx-R28e1qaXJq86Ftu4QXUR8a7-DNVbKhhUyfaTqXrGXXUaHGiK77zNYMhef7Xo15BQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.nerds.i2p: nlqhsdd5a7hanjea33mwizg5ixh3xcv5dczufpf3qcfpo6tx4esa.b32.i2p
irc.nerds.i2p=MVaStUHETwPC74V0fD6K9fV9GNotT8VFZYpJVgmspdqvjZUl9unJ9okRH3N5p3SvbmB9lquzX7EuBQoV7w88J8jvYFfHNDvqXVcZDqd8OF2n5IqVI3IPiSpLegsAhCX9AzSrrwfeEgVvQn8My35O5c77-NGfOJbXATqayWwUJ7r78nZzK5WYQSGP1pNqiMFYNSfEpq5SBteiP57HKKH67lD0TcaQWqwiOvDrweVLB~LRfpTwa~IuQyW-tWDVPs9ZuUn5kkgKyvXpTq9rvgqmthEpazD7Vi0rboYmgUbN10WFFj584Dxr~DqaJGlI0VLdRXvBSxelUu0ejYi~Brpln5bG44FIVgLqZJzg8eucohtF-fPCegB5h6suKWx6TBrnSzDdZE~nrRaVEA6oA6galRuHB4~dMXg0hxwAhnFhGtiE8gd6WGMecaRXt~p9P~Ok1BsrptR8YSFh3u~dZEO-yASXmssuPj0Uh5~5p-8ndS0-8tmgyjftexntajdXB~5dBQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.outdvgrxve.i2p: fpelcywcku2geg4ebw2mrv4xkhpdolpyem4qrkgkbdmy6m5pwpqq.b32.i2p
irc.outdvgrxve.i2p=sC5Z4we-cX9pcFLoLfdREEQQ42S6edRNQ2ITaTAhh-X-DgdUT1AHo6742tn3ZfZppt3QI9BFHc7Kp3C0U9UBM6mGic-0fN5i6Ehh0H4cWaOEmGPCxVP2bhx0ZAde6UVtwzD47-YyZoouM5sy7c0fCbxxWVSQ7PA8QyoF76dyfuFg0Dkhgmp3snN1~iyk6hRrP0YPmSKdzoreR9dmi0-HSALz4UBAnpEHuGXtJuv122dXLQEGGbMJxjBmjpFo3Bvu7KyVkfn-TBSj0TniAA8OByEyVkDbg~H0UZKgvvpGsEmcH8hhwpixGZ9HZdmLUl5kZl4tx-dls6Gxae~xO76zPVmS2UYL8Sn6v6IbSNolGgdkdUDf6ooXJza5JhPriXPUikqZKWWApclNOtQj5mR7a58kvK4cE-FKn83zVafzPrcq5dkzvFPL7KHeGiTSsqy88iDXEMorFQD7iZlAfW6vI5N62ndYJf7lXGaG~18FaJ7Td4ZggDBRpDkJEfPPX1ntBQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.postman.i2p: hhcy7zznltay2tzwdvtd37g2inptemz3hk5zmxyi57d3sxgxbseq.b32.i2p
irc.postman.i2p=d38SuD-ayF9gprdrl2uJM-FfFBor8qmBVQDxZt8SL7VZPUukrkzvxeaCE8riF5~2g1EgOA1nSfrQ4mt5NhuyL8MxGf6xByDng2lVCZ5Ks2InFVdaCEVg0BCfzdpztUGfO81oT7902zoE260P-qDuiSih5KMEouSWr7RPfP75ivoKfnRhVFcZiI36mRUfgOjKSGloeVLdkGIYh3AVYZ4MqQSWP-MXcY0xr1cD~G1ars2vfTNUjwErPirsyktbES0xXDtgr-Q7EF1vYo3cbPttFTyG6LUSEHvcHErfov5hAy~3lYkhgqMqVFyeKDEyb4ZkoSse1q2TpKxzmDAC95H4DQAGMjLIRldTSu6k0tq1kmOpmP~5ky1yRwwaQq6DOwxWcHUv9Z0Z4Z4pzXy83Z65XTBz5jLPmSdjg4dbfrOyrt9f4CtaYaoKCJl-cGFxPjTV4WHf0xtqQD~eQlsrKAT-tE3rCkU3QEvJnnjVQ6U1rG7p-W7wkT35wA0AqSouhYIEBQAEAAcAAA==
# irc.r4sas.i2p: hodhusp73gltozgrnianlbploon3rrvhrzfn5mf2g46o7aaau5la.b32.i2p
irc.r4sas.i2p=8GPMFpgNol5~-xZe4LxlCBCRgp4u3p-maStG6GMb5g2tATZthiiH1n38-DEOW7FQJ3MPfOMjK4Q~Bmi52mad1SE2k8cEbOwm5AYnv4RtAP8awv4QCq6fePgt~8fwpS1k1S2HmU1PHPTRvDB0ucGSXkvcfe~kiOm4jt5F8vb32MiWYjCsJOK63mLeaY2RiEp20uTFToNpgTnXLJPINw3kH1WED2Byz9tRGvDesnBlvYhyrjhJ5GpMr4ygb8zQqfg8n3BJgp02fsYgeo6cxiqRH2pba7TPP6wahzRNvocrp7Xz~8G7asJ2nJKp5DoDfVOxg70yRGwiYtztByNaawIdj2yzdMciVxOxGQQiVSFx-HCCnuY6uCV1ZVzGvHAnHKyOLIsLH7CbP7IMor0t8aCnMTU0mWkyIWAlHOcUMxmEN7tRYi6ysbALvVcLOj40NOcIa64K~o2VxgaJgnjIA7e0yhfE9oKmqMX6ZZPF7r7cVXyBNLijUvHzfSP5fmEIR9LwBQAEAAEAAA==
# irc.rpi.i2p: ppqu4shst5hfjn6jgxyragcanyxurhmof7jdrxag5srpeobevh5q.b32.i2p
irc.rpi.i2p=iD7RRY8u4qBBHPPNAarkztFJ7gDsE4BRZUjTQOBKV54tRmVjCD-5oRLYbxovN0PsNeYE915IfLvmXO0m7YVo8hyQ5xkjSE7g-LV4hPaLuJt3tuqlUrx97MCj~VBZX7cySBfUj~PteqWzoSYXcFX9UUdbmuEWqmPXZebQe-iqkP7azXu7JwInqU0PbgiNBLj72t2IuqmtInSHS8r4SDHD0NgyjrplxArRHN1i-dwNj4S~YX6-2eTqMfL86xIfY8VlrqltUNgeLNh5p24RuwGetmbPJTXso1lVLB51OXNUh-FrOISPQHXRe92HQY7QwZfwpMhT1VPZf2mx-XGI9DVO8iH3alN9T--4fqiKFIAEw-ux3XafAOsEblNWCK3dNyBIC5azHMLKYLGw0k9Ua3no-oCfK8Hhy581gEeg6dlZ76pt1dT5~24BeEvDOtIIkN~i2EEJQu~ttweLY7fJ9EgGaTZYus-ocyL~KbwJjWamSp6plRcuF6c1gG3CdsT4fEpBBQAEAAcAAA==
# isotoxin.i2p: wue3ycaccf4texikza3fh6p5yrmtgnooisuypnepo5mo67lmpcqq.b32.i2p
isotoxin.i2p=fYKzsUgV04cthRjfKTj6ij7d~W556RRB9QxozQ9K3fOWb6N1DjEmi0dPg6o8fHwjxtEI5NbJ7GMB8gLNhq4JGSxwO5xJLlYIuj4IiECqse1s~9epZivEJyFy2Pw1Dx8317KIiWxjBCWDHiyLCs30YTW-qlVIf9X~lhDznfo~AY1O~IKWyHIodxPeVlXMKQlHcpauDndiZkdfs4iy6HUzBEwRfoRIWmgkFy1tnwvO1z8~QY-a6zTjXoGJbarJ-QYbXp28uw9ToI6m1plCi44plo0DITBF-IXYHcSvKFCYxIYeLaW1Q7S~Kjc6-X-qbdj-Kc~zuRXlZACqZRDRMNgrJQKfc~wUB9gPPiAgq0j7pw50bsPFKKcVnjkg-u~1IfwGlO9RJJoiCky376X1vnq2QXrlZ0LohiZXv~EN7BvCfB-HuiwMrFtwdRfsc9JNPkYoxpF~df7n6YAwIHNU7jpmVh~no-vDrZapWIcEROWxE-w5aEVeKJiupz7VgQWNkofkBQAEAAEAAA==
# itphx.i2p: zwu2erk3wtyxlcbmd73kmxcirjghdkk4lpupy3xcavpm3qbob4da.b32.i2p
itphx.i2p=WPfjoYZKcn24qqXY1hY~BUsJgCwkO346KYRTVKs7M6sc7-jv30Tg8vpVUntEFKeSJ5YpukxM1L57Q-XC1msLvYNPtt9telXkyETXN2p7dzbJX4E8ol3umgCD7ug-GJnna1L4sWBHDWOh-LsxqaHQdvBR5Zq53c~h8w6DiT2AYTAVmtPPiJggISyf4FxqPrjtjaR4bYCe2t2TR-5woACLrpwHhvsPC-zWuQRo9uLBBfSA5pj~MrRvppRvFd-8yNmgM6~wFHrUsKTRxv6OWT9STIqKxrXgZkiXycUJjN6jksOzRoE1gXqrWglvFhkbA21d3h~YrWeX~qFAgSvXy7dSZzGSEtqFRyWYBZFK46Gs~50KiNYmd2pmfPBAHyVGpaKB6UfPR-kpkY628bXqh9Ks1t5qDBlpUq15wFYyD7Cd7Z-KnJnb7~HT5rUEiEhDplzLxIDXlLxv0lBsPmoUzV5DOx5hC56Nu6zQO7rfwLZWon65qjZlxji4G5x9eXSQw7AlBQAEAAcAAA==
# ivorytower.i2p: fpwrfvidfexsz7dspofkwtkmmizm7lyralfz5kvykffk7gubvxsq.b32.i2p
ivorytower.i2p=LC49HKZsE3BLnYG19L5sFLoV5~9pa9SziT3Z6nc83nzh042M4HjJiSsg9akJlDroZz3oGgOOVPwxBYUZoBdWAOxoEEY0oxfgj77NFMz6m3cNrxjW99nbAYcIyTr8QYHFCpiVnofD2PnmsXxvG80--HbpCNSsoxHfoB82Ywahl9~RAFlQ8PJi1o43cb5J6ABPcL0UNVhdEpWmwAened7i8HZ8Uqqi9lflQkRANi0tiluK2h9PT0CRfxYlIFqopmr5KAw-oi83jRZqo9B9hmz9b~iAGN~ZO2ksdbKOAtryUR2FJeP3sBykiLF4hbH2JbTiKEUyUpWXUbvhExJqVZMZoyuAROijvNa0g4RdVdmnXliwgNHDHRyFy2-7uRZeQYEA9WtRRnP34iaMHY9Oxbx~7sV4n3HbCz~lsQPexIkSRblxKmOedBvjvxH-mPf-6nQ4RazlozrFI03JqQa9XyZ2b7KXPodOJajqjHFidBl7SEN-qM1G1ME-XH-KRz9gDfDlAAAA
# jabber.bashim.i2p: ldnpjqy3pppa534zzqlgphslsvlyy6bdb7ijfs76ymi5brmoigba.b32.i2p
jabber.bashim.i2p=ndSUg9Jdhouc4tbE72eQ7FmKHqhI1wBwI6ZGlahuTJov0HnvkNLa8rPvxorRj14oE1urh9-flluRRspZBwNkNq4vKRf4XB5Ov5~1paB8ZkvvOB17tOE~~oDbYPrvNHeTYCcEesnTiOyYjFoALVD1OQzVuPK4RCEr97mGlB-3Uh2A1svAi~rNRlRXuxr0MlURX~nLqtOSKDxeDXFiNiSX31bU9cIN~iJg-1tbb5XgF7Hx1mi8knpnHIQXxT1wr-PsvSMKOo-6DjgpsKN8R6ayn25-82ZCZUwFJJDIVk12fU3BdWdc~87mK7Ys44lhpVkshZ9aCIQotn2xDfhTtfpL6uBkm2IeA1PEkGmrrRXqT3bsvHg1MRRnHS~IE4u29tSsDb8-CBFcoBWRLVjunJAfG1tjYeZLvKiMRkR42hnvq4nmv0SCkV8lLDziSwRVBpyxfLGlnlUz0vJv3NSptNQPfalo-ee9F2EY77pIQNAQf5UsDLdGkTOjvDp~XT2d7oQlBQAEAAcAAA==
# jakesthoughts.i2p: g7tjf655mw6wzykkux4ntkky75ovluexfz3wcpwu44mbibkcksfa.b32.i2p
jakesthoughts.i2p=kgJUyMP7ZWrQfWv2TaY07HI7dUeo3gWNH45hT1dGTklU~Lue2dOqQXJbEWSN3XpsTUU4I7yVu~QMebt8da-n4O6G~rJICA4R~SR6PbPXOyCZfxWza66D-GVOQr3IZOxgaK3TLSivd2Nruc2A21rDwAqKuvKsUunw9fkXhVWiVsR8hGrFM8B3l2Ohb7lm1EZZPbNBfEhyJqbMwfODxCJu~7Oj7f9hjyPIbU8mILtg9cXCu93Bc5UUbzW5OAu5RMjcE0iWHy4ZzMGviUNsujMxE~s7YMUmQKGkGdY-9fhSvT7aFEzLexKSHfMMr0wcLW2BWB7BtDEXOwb1YL3UELxuOKMfISvuro6a~dupfsojdF4M8z87fgEZ~5S6Q-H2n2LNKFhR-8Y2wQw-bp5LSI~b3aa7Z1F5jQDgcwQnWChdTLYSdS5ybb4FVs1qA~ZJbh3IPK~xIo79RCvHFWJHrLqr6JjL8ikQUD4uCX723sU58afiEI559IT5xTKQyXAhfDLDBQAEAAcAAA==
# jalibrary.i2p: kgguh6vq52dhrxkx7wfomkzcevxhqrlqxx7etasjxnp5544jyzma.b32.i2p
jalibrary.i2p=6Qqa~Q1vp-sXR3gFdXOjjAKndqJy3d-aTgT1pRXUNI2Xp~J6Epv8tMkG1aNGSBaDtKt7pXrYB16D9JPdf1T~OM2WSaQe4tOEGAg4I3kqy2TH7t-2gc3Trc2m1JWWE4treTW71VlV~qFVOH6-xDhkx3ViSLkiqk9vlu2S2plE1FqC4SgNjnYEdyg8NEhCWc1MB9puX6-61zgA3BAiiAdRasKY3WGGbAjZmMi6ZpdwS7neZeeuPEOinkN5ZLk~nRd-kwvmbDdlguis~suC-uBAZL5rqzVv1VdUMnHxooDef5u4ysB~T52OlWN-fEvzRH5pAHpuSl-ThmCyxtNBY2Z1rn7dNuCOhkzmtFc-OaSbPS8jbA2Vem1B28siksgLbDuN4sxx3dJTQYqTgTebANJu9KWfndBoRsRh6~5Xv043nrxgSR8l8G1s4NcAD-1HgRs5zN2tkf15Bj3QNNv9TKaMMiE~weJC6bYv0thqJ-PzttWS4HN51YHtcNpr75eArmTPBQAEAAcAAA==
# javadoc.skank.i2p: us3amyq3emvm6rcxmrar3o3uoiifnafijgseho4dxdsjgonfyaxq.b32.i2p
javadoc.skank.i2p=eVXrzsw9BaM81HngLg9DGWXY1Iri5s-1hsB8-oatdaaWfGJyB6UvSEnTSzotl3ZARtaV8v94eF9EQW5e47-jZ-kAnnLQZ128ek1bTtl3-l4pSxa-rjrRPu8ZsrRsZR1ygJ6CFSmhNXIYsZeRY7G1IySSrNcrPt8foiMKX~WtZ35BxMqv5ok-If9GFQ9LIEOz3d8GujMmvx80Ci8wvi1ymDqfqxVmZZ8KG2B-AIOVPBJx2cmgfZJYI0tBf~sv-3w2r8b3rfYd07E~~~oI8BpyDhzxDRBzZdPAA7pcHkRE8l9n6EzWlZWp-u825uiscki9RdCG4m-oQS2N6sffcvakj2qvvhzaruYTlJg88tJj07lEAWPR4H~s1dAJHr7MGLrEawgRUIMb7AeLVUv~laZkEoLKuv0E7XdeVMzL4IcwHbVG~AzqBsNzuuJRpsqAzbEaFZrqXhLiN54fV1tYDObeF5dGq0aqt1VRVizXrJjIvKLM1ECY23SjlvrC0f4CqrpNBQAEAAcAAA==
# javascript.i2p: idxpwvskkaq3pssrnqpxmiilgeqwf7d2hf5xpusossqz6r2nudva.b32.i2p
javascript.i2p=7lEQfXT8mR86IHtwmezsnUvTd9qjOmIYad9IDJTN893uYLII7iXeRC8CVAsNKNVHkmZaQxh~mzcZxJD552K2BLpHH8u6XGLvYLp6iv0of19Qrk0tCIahRD~x24O6p4DISColSrSnbrhrySio19nGIP5ihgoM-lx7HFoNKZXC1EPpwpbhCK0~uyBqSjNbGNgRKNArB0fsUd3PNk7XNTL-bRICogWio-NuTr8vcxkJLaIc6h6mjUhU7koafhyh3ggXEC8u2p82d4~VEGi-0w-HbtQtHOIyIq0Ctco3AvwD55QXUOVGeiN20XysNc8HuOpmvwWciIBZnVyCWKUbbTP1beb~k7sXtBq0TPxCDDRReYFwvF0~QrfDfiZeTJcw5HZEiIV5gpKpYOql0b8nb1ROxCx7sv0Kd1mWiOIfCWiWIKik4PJTEMS61dsJ~PpHJqAsWfQlUOeDf4O1j17w0qCkk2gxBI9UaoCPmt1dkpmAhQNBQOnBAJ9hHFxesohWJ-iRBQAEAAcAAA==
# jikx.i2p: aazr55itvyns4lwppvx5njyx5tjdwemw4w6jbmpegdunznod2ieq.b32.i2p
jikx.i2p=n~zcHx2-aazIM0U48A0yY31d8zrqJ0trbvP2q3217z3fVs87JKUKv5pPgglMAaeNvX6laeYOIvjPdaACmDwq-O9YI3V8yfdu1cujJTfBE7fdtsboo~6geMedic5JA~0X6lPyTvLVmIRm7wsoiQrJbcCSJSDhUNyZrFp0rFtqC3uh6pP4yvZOeXsrLmquxstvkOxBw0DXlzXcttq2JmroSWxSTqaclvX8JPz---hwOsmxAvHOQ-WoOVP43MsieY5H6MaOrbpI3IK9hUm1iRLzJzQFo~GCagfjlZ7VA8mTIokHTwIc1lValwOZP-KZ7Elj58hkil4EAsVStz9VFhzwVEYzqdqExSR55lkKZg0OSC9t5tSPeq73icZjT4RbiUeek8ZRPkdBb6w7Hq-D6AeosDWGVu~14ar439YOkAot~CfhFF7usFNp1FPiC67WVKEIS0DyYu4Q~tlmKUQbT28qtVmKAqhPnAiSc3C4UDdtYBEZP4t6xPQPtVr2HM3gDvwVAAAA
# jimkiebs.i2p: epqxjestvatyv2ala7iqbm45elnecqecz2zmpoklzvekwjapu45q.b32.i2p
jimkiebs.i2p=ZebLEAqE0I3gJkaeAdGPAUQ-Cd-lD6RQb3NeVNgA0ZV8nbXw4cmmPwr7xpjSd9l6KN-pbQXmtGBp~-dKqNpkG7ZHsWDvGG2LHeaNSV-7QTmljSj8kcqynEaWXb25730h5s-x6W1DnnisNjtx8WM6iEFSXWxT~mbwZ~Oo6JZ2-OMLhROBuB68dD8y~SQMJGv5EeeGG~3dw~Myo584rLKh~VqKhzA9gNtI4CvDeFHMedUgjVan-UKOXiV1d3J8bftwh~duAyp0zsP1-52B8l2nhtdJUxN~23w8Y2oJUUhnjk3h0nNSV4IUnQ36ALaByTMdvzZpr-hK3fzs85w~Hp70-3gxI9kRi~EQ9FqY3wiHr9UPCfc4BsPpudgWyCkD9M58LYNp8BfkcWD50wPmpBeLG5QnCc36e~gUYmZNPZcTxzkFqH56~rJXrQiHO5HrOoiTg3O6rR2BCCst~ermvvCrfo5OYTWM3bBGbelyr5fKQQq1tqoJqhoOU2wlP~PWda~FBQAEAAcAAA==
# jori.i2p: l2gg2y47w5lpmnqvltrcxnuimky7daeqzxe3k43hmvkxd7eupx3a.b32.i2p
jori.i2p=S8-x7dsTLjfvkfiSrWmRf6dv3Qpic3ZBuMVYisfixwiIu6IwkIi8lGGu3NkiwYa-2xV9MzEE0A-JKxEA6ixfphRxXcKfIzSKKBUW~YXR1T~nir-SFXl6QBVlBjdaQ2xI-6EeJYPoajmS1YWA~Rs628fg25wfSeAdF6zfUCiG7K6CR-kR8npOWUuV0PmtHJWUzWtjzGHIzVlLXTZ-Fzvc1-dl2p5NZvfMIK1iiLhIKih7nIwvo2RC5JgS8OuF9vNRNaXzdxQaNXQ4sjp9JdX0LmRzqC3n3ccsSCKCc47njkY5BvdHnrk1x1qU3j8gayx-XYVfBaCo7ND6WacKvAqEmsyyq0TxjCQR9J-5JCryw9t4FojmYezTiPY29tRUMcLYKbfYGnb4g-9Nii2Grz0w0Qh-12Gq0JkOoXNn5DSVglzDgtC-UGzYn9mTxvhYPZlwkiampSffnPI3hPgGsST5WCZP~NobMgmymgRhXoyvZCx6jrBPyRn-YAs0c96KYwVSBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=8SiOAIBlEQTpcCO6fJbm2FCqmU8M11QTnEGBugZQci-GOCawl0-GmYBeuI6DJx20glK7yJ2gVsW86QZ9eR4-DQ==#date=1625308282
# jump.rdpstudio.i2p: 4bn3cdkcrzwzhfwh3wryp2wlnuretmg2qbgzd7l63spssfkmyl7a.b32.i2p
jump.rdpstudio.i2p=xUoW5BhdpzpuuRvQGdvWtyFsxBW-45tEj3Bma~IePWP~tU~Ui7kK9RPduNpivaLkNUrEKYPVlhXJ0Twg7IlTXrCWcgDYTh2AG6Oj~BXeSIeHWpN5dli0jBvQSbrqHidued0MAD8GD4OCOXWzTrSvIYTcr9N~mK1B6K-2bdlNWV4LHFF1RQpGty~6IUi3musTFuD24bXAB5fWkohS~~smrSOOJozTkP0knoUMlM1ltWCCrcxNgYDl84Y4VWRZpycvrCRiOFcM7BcP6RjbyNXWuv73cgOynRaAgbNKQM-9i1AJnqcaVKCQ8kJdOa0vZ6ZarJ~p3W6ls9xkomMMjr1hIf~4Xy6~JIMhNHau4~2zRKhLbpYOsyTrq-My7qF~Vddgg~-lDmRIuI3oYIccOH3YPQhDSCOCgE~KjxujZP81UoqueNGV98NEpBIAlKVq1QFhiQdfLxu8YiSyDYzT2B1YYTNmAcCHmRT1EfH2L~32ggFzcG9SjJsmJMiIM~Mjhb4PBQAEAAcAAA==
# jumpda.i2p: adpbhhjgzepzvzcl4av6khlmeg5iefy3efhakf3moinabjrydywa.b32.i2p
jumpda.i2p=jtATEepZe3XzEpa8d7LKfZTEFwk3eSscMB95X3yM7A1p~nSzhtBPPs2OFBPo8m0csU9t6rswsvco0VwPeWrZ6kg0G0umw7~3iSW0LEAgD3q0HrP4RWR5lXQE8vq3HtQEDAmTAViMHjZTMq4VjZLf0tAsc~8C~yl4QI9AGk6jpoAOkBOjeyfn1Y9I9AmKMZjUv-4NyPS501b0EYjKsrxIkVhOMQ9W1Wy-LWcBjAgt5XECXZNJj-ssr3z0gAhCQ8t7UIIcxVQ6tZpuN5NuCmcuhnw22P8vPgwTeWTy0krbCV27jWlp4RJVEY7G-TqFAYdduLMCkOTTJcLmayh9AAupRXwk7xvxp675ub~1nT~wBxtf5BzeuvZOnEi0iDFydhCfuaimpu6TN0m7YijMy6Risv~rUfYljsDj8uRQiCLxaHXL-qWzG0gsTocD3S~oDXfZd~AMAjfqyP6cYZOV1FWtLtzZsv4zq9eXUfKLmkAZ5y0wJ8f4saCx3qRwwyzDhIWeBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=gX7Cy6Btzbi5P8FkQrNWSmbJ6ehYlV55dghXO4fdWPXE3NNUqC0~KHcIhMHbA4Vq2PDhoD5goBHcPLDhvduzCQ==#date=1630036988
# k1773r.i2p: zam7u6vslhemddz347uusuzjdk5wma4h5hcmcqlng4ybbpdbjhnq.b32.i2p
k1773r.i2p=xWokWZFvaQD1i8yPiLXfX5C7d8lsEtJnnEdqQbkoVnmvNxDaDrU32VXBasOWJ2Lh7nQU~cTL4CkKyfqLmICLqAMdWCBF0eGAivqGcSsEJp98sC7IB48aMxoi-JZ1Cw-A167Js1rlDxu4QHPXhXGFVXgSWvxBUxNim0G5rGtHEHoCZb4OkMgTuKrJvh3pdTFQqLdjN1D3ygXwZ~fIGk-6N-OaV7dAL0dpCNjYQbhFT0pkOn~lvN5ifgRlAXrLei~5ed3tbFdnm2mNprPRpwl8h0Rq1odIxU0x0P6qfZVbwwWmQgviZs6dWR-mqZ2HBlC7LrHPbdd0TQzVqJkQHTXyBYvF97EYcGIsjaiEFfwcCR-w8WbMRaOaDa~7qlogbdV2f0iGOkBE6Oc6PMaZCYkTlke6QGN0yHLlAMk7tbZ8LpTJir4Lp7cq5vJ6OBp5tIYhG~1FeR6AeGmjcqwwznwmQnWUTki6hEAXfh0vxMZIlNM7kQfk3tiEKwXSBZ7hXgTvAAAA
# kallist.i2p: rpoqwcozn4pdxz7bp2vxsl7vfibpbccsymfuxg3c7v7yj3um4bta.b32.i2p
kallist.i2p=kmaZoJAb7BnW1XACFMdU3CRXt3R-3E7AL5lBY3YezBSEoIyx8K-ZFjfiGjWm3OPlI5aeRQOH9RuaydhKZgakG8Txhi4GkfVLnM2Ect8VzaAevKml~nhP14VKRyirC1dHpIbqsApAilVn7ZTba8R~~rE6bY6Gm~yoV5W6F0tMCgs0RX7mtpnf~Mx~rNwaR5ibnNWC3qVLLLi33jKboYUrQH3RNzSrfVXRQN~wlOiW0GGLhiMPazb~cO49dhKPU0vgBmRvAotK00oeLRsHcsLxO44l0Z0RfOVwFQLTQxoPfqCCBobKkRRazpFUNadSfIRcQfieZH-rvQENNosC-vu8pKNynIZWYtHYWrVwwwaXbLzHxIhARTmODC99Nun1D1BNwRq9XTNFB~k21rfe8FSE9T~E6uzqfqntH8n7oU~kiV7P548UatVIhlvfDObKRDviJFfhgaYWzZQZcIQzUmSODVHT6AOkt0cfhWjR-RDUvlx6Amls1-Xhz917YvGYKsC2BQAEAAcAAA==
# karamba.i2p: g2lizyuyzms7m6gv24pzege5zapbinxfd2dzbaha6k246pl2xu3q.b32.i2p
karamba.i2p=bylbxHU5PXqanSwcGj6b01oNe9q7vWUtGOPDhR7m2NF-FkXNCrYOR2PU-kE3oK2nrLcWUDjZ-0pEtXmxKh8H62CN7U5s9-FKQvc949tD1-S4qWfszcnB7BwNrNwnp2jzKYQEefQ6Krggknp3GMuPe-RNHVZDhx5Xjp2BiKHi1d-pYbdPx5laaSYx43tTg37UMsiqxOxOZSdolfpPARePzzlDlZ1J69ZifnLuKH8dJrQmCsIMXHQwg41nuoFoSsAGH-uJIkC7H4iN1KDTD44T96XfbpJfr7wVfwfAc3vEF6nkHcHaXseCKDRDBZb19N6MIHeuHJwjg-IGqAJBqzy21rbaPZh7DclkAagX~8qBGAB6S3xp1-aCOIIA38bYPkm9VZ6BngOHfFiB2EBEVi-IAU74JDlKX658Bli2JWy0cZc2oUXHhEnIfxedvWhcvQy5mSu5MZ29ahqJsV2QH2-oc9Mu5hfFo3Vy32EKYYXja6x32HvUOKHA7d61vBrkzKVnBQAEAAcAAA==
# keep.i2p: giaufpixdvnhabu25srbyttmskz3wmhsfyf7vsbkgfrj5el4sn2a.b32.i2p
keep.i2p=DqbPXHTan4tJduQwwzKigKIvI2xadVID18puQf-gRmh3EbnTNmou-Nn7CBIpwZ~YZvSAxDNDcrl3zmqrm6BRtm4pnEEOCDsP-fltodjtqGy6keZQuI10xVR8uGn5X0HFoBTsPEZbxlxuEVXmNIXhgWZBvaUFPdHVWvYkeAPM9c691AmJed3093Yv0DspiShyVNmI2pjbqmk~M~yMGseP5A466OAjSg31kHgO3wVnd9PeHEREvcw7So4xzwEouKpH5Uaiq43YFkLwh72HmnVMRWkgneRQArtO2mEj0-XnzpYy3g07Qn~IYRVpFDTYW~ShlrWw39ZTX6B-Adxn2TVGvRkjSeIRF1FdKTw2Kfuoj42FG4bBjsk7dZAwTUq1MDHws-j~SLh6FhcOw2IPIDk12qKuS7-tQ-VkOwFtgmd5zayk~KCji8HpLMjIQ-ExSzidy1tb972wfDVl7HZGHMaJpjUJIcgXjywNAAxfcD5Fpt54~h4HAqAloe-MA7TogZbSBQAEAAcAAA==
# kelvinchan.i2p: 6s72dyf6jwlvk2u455lksvcs5r7deafc3iniwo5kp4ssm777noma.b32.i2p
kelvinchan.i2p=u-e5QkrfHAM5Lotfu0sQ5SytnE2XDJKZr4YC5r9g7w5g2PWVUJeY2DQIG0BiSCz6YvpRg2EWocEVya7yBq1oA-T57tojspmbgru3VZ2xJmmcOS-2Qox1~zhZGO9VhtjotrVJsXQJmN2-GdVFzdhQOBEB42H-N4YILCtqlFM4~G3Klg8v76rTCLbTmx6PCHFUvgtINPconhktuGRY4024KZuJxJ4CWMOwFdiIwCXrtW~Ro0iL03kPxRbdTaaHmHOD~kybknlSqx6lKYuHMkd6eVS3Y0vmy1SpXvdYiKu0K6Cd68S6R5nfeLWexoFaXxzHola1ObDg-ypTa6epJOyEyKqheFg9Ss1hIECbjHVXtmmKwHAxKo9yNN-vhUxrUYZbtVH79Mf8fgGeFfvmrPee2C1-L6WTGQuB2Hn5T5jJISPuWyUzFVhA1KKGsitWkydFKgApG8b56ORaWp1~FIPLKa2QuGNN1Va3JQCs3lxW1iJDr0x6eQahrcPXKL2OkaaxBQAEAAcAAA==
# keys.dlms.i2p: znl2swe5pez65qxrr2s2s4lmdfky6mnppvh3p5j6suuiovymhjtq.b32.i2p
keys.dlms.i2p=W6qFXGEa6jN~WzHNs5u6TPk7o31k8XMy-dyEOcF7AYBkpX6ACJ515g8UVXhug-naIsjDiZHUkoni25wWdcB0mRxObfxExj7yJGyLAfH~WYZG4uNQAcwgiPNNX6h-B33Kc0fZdR5Y9WNml42XkrH3mo-NNxQmo-Lc4lk-mB0b5e1LOW3kniyyJLNXJ0Gp-hPK06k1pQPVTWVg3mJMv5Ayq7F-7csmluSAs1POrLckVnyou8w6l-F-PUfsWOKOJhhOnjJPrRvf6jVsxlpERZv4tMGdtcVdlVbIsPyE3812hLt7ysRevqfZ5dMXGlqnyO9PiG6LBAl02pbyY-33OCRVUObpRzfJptI72y7IJPl0Cil3QuSfi0wifFAgeDFHW5WINbs2VCf7biBVAtbTrxROekkvhjgLr4agC5XsVZnkCZUjAzIKJcYAYEnQy9fPbWWI7sj8APD0p1xOu6LZPqfRqzsSx0qLQdSfH9tZYdElfNaD2icMvl47wyv~-V7TDPaRBQAEAAcAAA==
# keys.echelon.i2p: mwfpkdmjur5ytq4og36ym3ychinv36b2a57f4rmgqmtrwepq3fva.b32.i2p
keys.echelon.i2p=qM2IDZ1WrkMICvydoeQQV7CRUs87jYkc8iuVZ9ih9eZd41OXNSfxP0uPWVSDzsZzJSVieorVOj6ln~w1FSZrbAQipQiBgli6AjHH0RwA5aIGfm19mVWPYU653KigqJKly8ACwcdgDvB79Kfm9~iLn5wFm2N7QS4DQh9nUa-LSBuZlBaoRS4Ykb2XxpaKJi5sWHhIJRfZsTYJ5xkKX9-oM4XZBhOAWp2MaB3J4MN9RPO6-03OoPQfo8XfIziE7lJV7J6eQAL50ku2mbrSOxwaccchIsQOlkh0m5YlpUNuvuPjTEf45ZqK3IfkBfftEwPyFmmLJgKQf4i865cOWt60LwWPr9EBXFoRfpa~w2D8wmcgVjZpwGIdakn~Ii5HLS8CY-TlWzhOhMbRvSWkmuD5IsAKuY8iAkWOFvu3og1HKfsnC4nNWn2p6JWC8H5aTtXCEdSXbCuuLw2ovR8kLqLwTIg4ahJZ7J1OglJgAqZ3NVRVjSensg5hSH6IdBYuYsgLAAAA
# kibykarni.i2p: xowcvzbeq72slpbrwmjl3zy6xkrkb2ncctpkkskeqts63vedtg7a.b32.i2p
kibykarni.i2p=hZEaY6CX3G-0ahCz4Hjp4E0-pAqa4AjqJK6NuqxbfxZID26~CFODvXeAkPHlPtJ8pozgjOoSI5L9ew6C8o27QC8lCT3gt6P~ABpL6bva92ydlRkxDECoUIxB5nG9LFlWXoz7NOo2sFgmG4aMssLkvfP~SGr13vLGUewBhkGM5F2B6l9keO75mcerdtSlw660T~eLXifoh3vFgA94COAYdB8SSMTWOQtIiPOVzxp5Rwpnqkku6bF1JEmVr9OLKMoDkCAfsSgxKAl4Fy6FRNRg9fX831Ogys~9Aw8CCYDTKEUVtaBArPzAeXAm6~0RwZiwyQj0PehKpMDGa8K3ho7oxsEhaadDSyX9eE0n36iiCKtxMC~v7uahhVohkptAdNWezGRlBVCsDMWsKzLfHbtZw4URG7xsJJDRfEIB2T71gZMxbujeSTiknVLNq8wnBAubzlxzj1I~dCBQEtWBb5k8ATR1c9EDbqLZunvbULMCHmr11B9naxXJaQsKhcl8G1dHBQAEAAEAAA==
# kill-9.i2p: 3i3bbs2zfabyleqxcqueeegakutrtk3hbxmvbtkrgwvetlmity4q.b32.i2p
kill-9.i2p=JUJv1fUvdd8mfXCkfRIr2Z5KLL9rjiDbwBsIyvuPrnNpKCVsyziaSEjUk-4sCP6kkmeaIfL~rim2y7ttFd6IvPoMMZjW9I3phBvng6ql7BOsunLHjM5QSpkNIK9FvUXFkiYYrISIOrjTlBgKnwlEb5iqKc53u3WYdSRog5LwBOEOuvK2g7Ao7yVfFK80zTpiK8X03vpR0N-uiZsUuv81WlTkLGjByIOMssKQA-wc04Q1eE75ygiSqmTMpdmuGXyO5S7hW1JuWOtZSBM6q3U-f0k8j21Wyh0b9qLxwjhpR--Op0WzfbwmotdSPMCiRdLiuh9E0KtuPz-vExwIvEwkov2lE7f007FLyw1aOAPqZp7ZCjllkE4upWyvmf7EzGUmQWGiBcUVHwqPwj1BpRyll1IPJoTzGOdQcN-JbhW3K0iWlVIL-Q-8aJq4w66J1MafzQXs71YDtN46CHM6nayDv5HdfrJ5fHQB3QzvCthvcN5M6MUsW3Ja-fNI3dBkj~qaBQAEAAcAAA==
# kilos.i2p: jhjadyaxwwsqycxfrnwyva6hxsazv64kgynoc6w2ouvqwrqiyeaa.b32.i2p
kilos.i2p=r~UT7eqj4uC13B2wYD3FwnU5NW5OitbTH6VfV-v~4BiYuhOMDMSCYv1kCRYvF5CJit4MPr197z2t~fZJCBnk2SU~pCbFJhoqz46ZX27d39z~m4aG7hYplPHkLwtVGRGI6UtWRj7YQ-zkwN3j3-RSvegQF~inwhQRkKze6AfkxMwMT3gFhQu9RySCJKGOZldjcchTzdnAsPQqznN5tdcO7d4Vynvg2NGYZKzkrLnpseN~78p~khO3IZzGghOsm2r7U~LQm2tr3nRqOFFhFi~1GfSbhMJZhj8Az2T80VOm7He50JhVSb6lFH0sP4n3MEfAq5IaY0F9pLX7m8xRZ582agUh5FwqK3WM2bWJE6w1Befn7I6sguCC~htEqWTcTdNcSdpyhx4MUq36jVexpBp7d5njhKZ1mbTczY-xZ~2kg2U6w9ICtkuz9LmfCSQJAEg0OqrdP~oU-BSeOmNRULbKkViJSD18N4zet9sIpdwCUkNvirWwxGL9n~Q8FpXHksAABQAEAAcAAA==
# knijka.i2p: knjkodsakcxihwk5w5new76hibywia5zqcgoqgjttzsausnd22oa.b32.i2p
knijka.i2p=XYzl~TkGuQZhzvfkq0KMt3xIKcw8o74~bw7aXBmTV2HZ9c1GY8CoXSSbRZbEyiRgrKx6k-O-s7YredCmihypLGh-SyPk0jWE85LsMe2RuewvdZjxaDi1BVlNz1EX9XI1QhhtYLs5G7aWZmExvv~d6RivjXuoIvIci9qyeqWIj8arqwwcdTyxsA426zxlwd09GMn~uf1IZVscUHSyHYUoX~i5~2ax1Y2U3lZspGIWRVX4bffOeIjXmDJpbyY3Ft1H~EvbuJQmy9F1~b92Naty~pZ5UZq9q3qm7gpbQPwR17ffLCM~rCEiGY121DoznL5STS6tKz6jk-00~nREArwSbazZJCpxka4WzlNc-F2ZOyOTSXVSgzaoqMEwkIiweHzb12u3wPt49iaRzFrAsCQ2dN8VdoRl8sSeouE5jMR8tq61sxKMy8tTwea1madSjfrioOHlBwEe4Fjkq7OZP8mWMkf3UKuscQzcBieWOBXk7JwSubZCNPO7Oum~W1mF3ScfBQAEAAcAAA==
# kobomy.i2p: f2m5wb6iotejsdhimqunkggw2pbboozd6vcha3xi37zjsecya2ua.b32.i2p
kobomy.i2p=fRc3TxE79k73W4kmkr2mpYkl6k3uLNu6auH~H4qWBowwUxtwV~yQ5Df0~b0BfOt-GaP~ZZry2B6pIw37fu-ubdxmVvH3HbRveMTfaqUCcLPfh7evLsoHTTzGnTYad7c1rTwbT2Q625IdGdJEyeAOCxcS9n024doKzEdAQNSLOm-dZgaMnkw4ol0p1U3W~PrBW~0loFclkpWI5BHtXks9ZmC8kP7VdmSgZ9sq-e3kpNILC~kAT74RzyVO8lxiGIKgOpbFqHIeTaJ1pIKWmPVyzlaxb9RsDshDy7WXidEFcXjgphTgbebqyhBNke6ZuWws3v-ovq6p9lRbmKX~kwTeDn3e6JqFU-FDQ8KPxKlBvCu6dUrayKOd6kBmjqr-q7K3OrD9P6jXw75iRrSPW~dmy0G09s2SZj7DP2qDuqOswo7YgHDkIKiP7dZV8njDSNc6kgQTmR7lVzIwIaot4WwymUqFDMUb5AOcEf1jwxXkuaBDIq0T8MFGwXkAuft~NqfIBQAEAAcAAA==
# konschan.i2p: 3i7c5znv32uzjxxw5b372khpk3s252zohutxacyn55nus5xwojda.b32.i2p
konschan.i2p=lJHUA2eSgGsOy0OojH0pub0UWeixFdXdDtU6hjoSAI1uNiuzvu-156mWdUDuynjY1G0svNMJXZ9SHxh-DSFjkOkUZgQzcrwzFMMOm9NQuyzDs4OIz-RIVR-F72S6YsicNQseRX~1FGEs6~N2iE0-u2paFBeB9zCpTDRrGWfyYZp1hIwOATpmKxa9b2XM2YxXs~Lkiwe3npRkKeSH1H-ftTspU7NMoXBsG5Bdxd9bu3FzB8V4~5Gfc99Va-HrWZ9ACxeGxhLJmjpd4nLOAcAmfpRngHTe1ePjdAyA6I1VwsMDKw5yTQfC1GzvuNacSI8d~U5thDBFcBW249n~gOqBq-X6q~G4-R8SbIMCgOQWqQL16Avyi4RN7VINhRCOHBZNPVImjwLIF8s7yK-jHENe7vqumoNJ-cU7kgS0hFtpAfpyJJ1MdnpS5sWDB2tHTJvGTvsoVXGTeAkBXH577xpxqaMdY~8WI6oC61sgr6aEw53eWiYid4XplzXp-nIEb5Y5BQAEAAcAAA==
# kurator.i2p: sp3umnyofy5ytixbqcue4jrpxixccgnrxtiuvhg6juep5s5lrs6q.b32.i2p
kurator.i2p=xkl0mJZtdksnqd4-NTdD-0jxCp2UE1p5SDsiYRyTzD~pF-2WkYlBuZTxXyGp7Vb2dYBH70D94H75ZCpLJElHgvxAO5ZMBWsyhtJKi5Jpl5CnvmEx3CRECv9RfefQLd6Zf2NXIBGMc07vIokNK6JfoE4sqhnhlCYwIMc0Qp079Jm8u1romymGy-yT1J63zQRYRLzVWrVdBEm9zfP644xWFMQF~9WR4~lswzbv9rtIBXhWBew8ih7MmdVAWgeHPipKQ8ovxDjW6z66SwJiXSd~iYb1Ke7ph-Tpu1lis8ZupAOo3swRZGC~SID4MMpIIF-swYs-PzIAXqomJYYyoWj2phavbIUrB4HFOVnZvZn1K84Ix-GS8fakqieIkNmLOjAQsrLgilnJvPVRT4HeztBGJQfSTjo9nUIGeehHZuEHUYKwvK1LSHjXyd8YsOb1neUWJ2XtEfgH8US9I0~gDS6v2iRCgArNfkzIBW0ohx62WbbK~gl0ialDYe0cNJihtMs9BQAEAAEAAA==
# kuukkanen.i2p: jarkkoswbvsys3r3rkryf5px22fnbgwesu2a26nn5ktf7kte5a2a.b32.i2p
kuukkanen.i2p=NSixGHkIG~CTcuExKaAM7vvQBY-ht4Uscf-sxq1uR0VndFvSMR9PN4pLJosbjy6Dock4VyqJIXND4EoVmCeRJ11rLFZZuMNZJijNmS8Udks9szT45zauPbxe73oB23GgfgG7TdSOpE4y8L7p6CvZjjpc47gDnzoEl09hI5KpRra7r0SaHUiaCiJLc4dEaYH-5QiMdQLTPv~F5ZUgXSGSc1Br4PFUPkOPW-VsgzdKmdVDMBvUSRyGM~sfZJXxhPrJXfJUalur78LGfb1VVN9hK1SoUMLBGXoE2AbCAegiZQIRLsyZU37lkU7hIbX-9r9DmGpYHbvJOlFYxF8GbP6AF8SNzTGBbGj00uDeDrEGhWLtDEtx2UMEyzyR9UV5TmTGhMEsNoYWo6yEkQC0s~WvyQkwgmpFW8eQH3xK2-iufWyGzu8AitxfiDUmZoYCWxmrPOkg2ftPftJXQp59yJBdqoXFXbjIZXIVjSnW4EWpx~yqR424tocto0e7td83LR3GBQAEAAcAAA==
# kycklingar.i2p: gctswdhp4447yibxfbqg3uq2bvx63qjeqnaoaux75zw73leakyva.b32.i2p
kycklingar.i2p=PKCCiiEU7vT5Q8vWm7sI5-B~mWbsBTCIo06y-WVqIE4uDsz9w1kLVRKYa0Y9XwuhZ95AsgT81nXE2ugCN9fjeG0-IiMbPgQaUdmh2TXbxAvuwkHfA6Fcc7SIs9qAo1wxC43pWdPpRJLV0h1-Z2RmeYYpOr~9ra47a-z8zT-BSuQWbb~R0tcGddlG~dIUKQAA-gW8aX8xOQSltsZxPAveb1QiydCjA8pE7z3SLOeo3PU7YAUIkP7Ehunmej~Sqf0-vB15k9c9T3IE7-ngkwUEVaYsXnfiYFHceu2hIQOorU6cfXB~a1FfwdgCmFBh0ITG13x5OWvtKExVkeGop5pRoapJRV-wEYJeuCbz7SbFNVkTtUMR~KRz9x-evG48B--ENKBTdka0dO5F3iuNCzSznBfeIKv4OTbdWu1xQ5OthPdl0DAOG3TuVdfEJA3yq8w62Hd3KArMfRQ8UJ9CGYFchqice9TPLj3RYFbWdwCUlc8XsE-IE2YyRVH7BbR3VP7dBQAEAAcAAA==
# labor-union-ru.i2p: u3j76uo5awabsidre6epnm433snw5hwp3ezz33w3ca6bbgpblmzq.b32.i2p
labor-union-ru.i2p=N~FLCgqcxE22R7xpzWx4~td7S5q6g0mWZxrfzoq246C9Qe5cX2VLN-NEYdP7TLl7eQlfo9OIPRXEAiaYS94ytqH57Me4MWsP6Ywh8rJUwsLkEnvre5KUVSFvvb0KeZKUjdfcH34fGsw0dVvTOKjizHl0lLGxPwKFnQWbrGjA7NbmRCj0VnZQ2bOP5RBCy-NWxmm4uBfAc8JWWOzauXGGd1wpglk3j~P9FrEyxFQfI12JsvyrClh-Q6ubHicAOKwC0wz6YINGF9mk-oZEYV7T9aAoikeZ-VVDwv7wiCJSflZ6JKwzsBNccVHjlu4sO3eQRwp-RIvpbSlRGxRGLCFkAMSyr1IFGhgtBDCMSEAt5uK6aZ1impCpSlHEheYD0qvrYq-bHcP7k58ef8~vKpy5QWZcqAusPTep9QZh35lVffnfMuUMFhDT4WnD6c9Fi72k2eLrzvcBrFDniE86U3pK2WS~ihStLlGzNRZcEdzEVZYCHEGiuYt18oQUNi~2LIG8BQAEAAcAAA==
# labor-union.i2p: 6lt7q4ucssn2tca7hkdyssfdscxzur5xcxdjlme4z7wmybgorwaq.b32.i2p
labor-union.i2p=sFD54UW98eNcAkBop2UGUi8D0TY0V5NYzqlu31IYrUqQ5PATo7N2aM9GxxhfYlaMibtBpyZrQuiwgf-S9FrrNXkkkp9b9wD-YlUf1zyRxlB3JmYzqiA2u~XoDPcnBdstCN48sqojscq9WjKK7mFGertvzmMyqc6rAMfx-JY1fbL-hf~fg5PBHXZkVrSG8IP~T1lBigOJ3F6~m6htE3hWy~n6Hx0fKIH8~7-HF3g8jF5Y7oeM6C2AcH3QRzZV8sW2OrHz61GXHOKdtPy~6yyjXvL9pw24d0uMpL7mAvNWpBu845NxG95ceHx~ZTr2--lMQCAjIhc8tJ1~r-kp3A6VBvjRYWRlhyxCD2kAvHUBlbfhTWEDl9KrudL0Jsdt2YcS3NOg7vGvTh8bBX6l59~HSereWaWZ3GfAnbspPeIOkIQB5RziVBxGxcDPygB9XAOePuonpiqoUy5A0y6fy3bg3XFn5UfKbgmbFSrw7g11sxbZT~Z6cvReZ0eHQDAe5kwhBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=kX9d7DOTZCKgBEF3dAGN-FSbIgVzFetsgrhWd4PNwgVQHCK7sBNpvGbbxAjLueXKAM~memAlk44PzeZ3KcZvAQ==#date=1616276222
# lainzine.i2p: 5p7zrmxzxe2t5liuzfpswl7b3uublu2wrrwnkeqkzdxeidntw7yq.b32.i2p
lainzine.i2p=iOofH02MUzDG~z6Y--XtXzG2b0IuGmveAbTH8IfV1ScFrC25SjTp~pAPpy4A57W6V5Wj7GrCZCRabnG5mobLMgxmhNk0gKPNhIrSO1T1h7vt3HnNc7tDPYNBSY~nK4JSj7PEXtJv6b8LYNHvCPUojCjLuGyXJYrUKw05OPrGEYzqOmSImZEiLp64tFI9Y-tv4~bBZmft-VEkrwfVJrzZZkgrLc8AbBzTHVKsKZuufyZSxRvbfPXeOgY1WS~w-IpqtHKllbiHAwXjk57zuxvCRkla5opo4DuxsmJdZZcJwRQhLGLACq7o3OTpsykmaET5LgYh03Fr34jlCScuVbYz5trPUU7M8~BhF5rQ7pMPDZIg8x6D4Am9LRgAfMPEW-MlDd1liejULF9hshmeaxGtv6RCgdTXQVcyvCwEBIKTbZPXZS-I6LNvs6TVXA8YbHEMJ~nAgkzzXPM5RV3t4oJfBhEgx3aEWQRS3DcZFcva-m1yuOLy6VbDam72mXRjS3SeBQAEAAcAAA==
# latile.i2p: q6rve733tvhgyys57jfw4fymqf3xsnza6dqailcdjcq7w4fa5m3a.b32.i2p
latile.i2p=uealg-47g1LDtbuIchVwSLs9E3zdwBh4DVoxBvtuHn7swSoQ8RPEpH2A227IW-hP0vn3dDk4FQ4yK0fNdbBMiW6DV7KkjrdzS5L6cv7-C4f067uWoFT0B5ILBj8Ars1dT6UiinqZnktDU88AhdAhSrAkw0eZ2FXbWgUEYD6cqaqwiN~iL4~uCEX7dBIiYWSis2JDsAj9AGLj5WXJiqAGdwE-qlYVu7zwUJuB5wc9Oh5fnY2hYsYY60j4EaVRLcUjbt3wZdjhVMA-LX0lT2PNBhYaERYBX-kQncLaciHVVSaKJOOSsvwRADfNbKg93ZXqu2w1eoS8RaL4ACK6t6wITLNab4EW65tPsLnqTNE~iYdGFl2jFZNdp-qSyBTW0TpqfCBL3-q2-95fqbTPC72lJuWH8uPJJ9~pG1YJJfQGJrPOmAEkz9XcCxe3BzWRCc2YYisnq2BEI4EUPZT~XmXRu38eYcuZFYJ2Rmwj1hUFM516K3SVfKAfgXFBdjxiLE5VBQAEAAcAAA==
# lbt.i2p: 5uhjsgyca6ggdvwjjwf67bcmalpbxitopupjpygtahxvkwlh5mzq.b32.i2p
lbt.i2p=jDlFLcwLplDYH6g6poVvEslqBymOL8gab4EOGgWewMDgrZ8ayIqqg6MRpKIU8rbN9Zy9dvudw44f3UYnd-BfhpKcv2CwJEeXLKl8~pU0rFkoASUNp2OSY-9zihNbNALyGgePZyjEGtKEzfNMvtmL-NHakpLNLPNsa6JWw55NvEcLfmjQT1yijzks5QkI4Oug1TsODRhClK6bdeU6-QB56j3OX53Vv6aUE6uK6rbHLXTV4vZvBHrfRNLSPWi-4S0VeEYCDGMAe2wFyoN8Q1hIQt9QaQgr91Ti8hwvnlHyxBtkNdCv0-8Pe7RG8dUF3f-Kp029TyUHbMazVue9xdN5YBC8xb5V~8RXj1E1aQp1slse073WUQDbSBr97w5rknM37XSTQtDCdQMFCdateGQtoh9LKgV7eKgEK4~Ebaigc6VV0JpevEA6fMwukRTS8xX-fQ1dYtUKsM6-jZnnPyNQm2aJ88E~KwZX~bcQGVoZaV58un2uk1Y6zE0gdVkBtsVlBQAEAAEAAA==
# ldhell.i2p: k2d6bius63w3g35j32dn66fssqwbnyvegx6w6pl5mdeojpp4rjba.b32.i2p
ldhell.i2p=IFsKCn5QndXINbgbsvP2oD3IJgLnOmygIhfD7pHDMhN1YXPDL-pSQ7RzZN7RV-541ZE2wcNlHfvrw7dcFRJsZlLs5O7ETFIf4IbavP6BQ~DkCMrH7LchGkjlfJO4qg41UcaHK6x0CsoJE72pvdtp6~mQnMj1HWWwMkhfP-LgbLKaaYsBsPehBJEjx9OTPlLveSfKS1YEkx2mTYGDvJg8nqenB-j1WTMtHm70BWnzGMaIR-qCxSBPxxINFOP72irKlLq3E8ETScACcJjL-HNNaNU84PZcK5-Di~2yzGVv7yQvxyYHreaefK74pKX3CpLJ4XLX1diK8zRZ6~NlcqfiysInFNrQ9l~qic6q8dM1hfZFpLRWIV6pOUaVpY-T2arApvVFkzcV-BfEmmLelnc5orTiw~WCxtegAVC7FMLIbxSyUx2MphzhBtef9d1ZtJCU0BwRJG2QVtfYzT9U1sowMeO4lG3kHA1FKqOW~Ga2Ipa~-xo0~JhoUPJ8m1HvYNn5BQAEAAcAAA==
# ledechaine.i2p: 7s4vtwkvxvmigj3r4zrc7s5ajdeqtris4qnj3n35cuuvuzkpgqsq.b32.i2p
ledechaine.i2p=tVGgUzdWfQab~CzfET8kWCfFTYOWNVMYw~2Y80UuNbP1VknWBYrB3GXUamXm8Il4pOHxraA48wHLg61fr~ZPcUNkz9SufTG80WzAW~RdUDXwyiAzQSL0iaoXM1-lCUdAkbJQlWVJkgHYNk2-xCqLl2kADk49xf0Mmzgpk6zvla6e9sJA3HQ3Yj~nTkTK-ZIMzYYYJHAukzADxMQwv0zkE0gCQv7Ct4tt9Rn~rBi0wxiYsHBb4ZedYL-8j-8CGW2FHEMi1a0QYpnJTo-c1~TCfBDL4HwH8K~sLQYMckageBX881zJG3xx~UaKgG~WhxM8v0mdEqAXgdEDlzY6tcF3qZ02Hkp2EYFOiF5P1d2~0YnHTbn2w0bKbl1MQ4t90-aYUpLOAuGQ5GPNKqglf0-R05Y1rfQeFCcX80fbPZh9KOGtmG6tNkkVv-k4SJTmwkQ386Yyihm~aBgevHcevkkuVzN2VCOcjWf9srflgT5--wUpa8exgyGQ2BGcSIUX3QRXBQAEAAcAAA==
# leglasen.i2p: q6tqm2klaavlsfqjci2naul2nj57fbxvkwujmqdv53plhdxxi6mq.b32.i2p
leglasen.i2p=~NjNFXDTjiwXl8V4z~ibtqp8Cf~TByB~zg8tEyaCQwtEVkVosiqljNMYBNRgJihbk8xlvrPg5J-jNJDI6p7GFh8~Ioi1SmgXF2o-xDlVHWKErz896cZmTYibJ1nai8Kf80coRHUMh70pxqaB-HW9zXZdiY5EOFGn5NEeGU-UOLmneMxwJIjZ0J3a0VoTihYmsIFdDtKAu11a9djoYx9qraXc7CuMwfQoFzSyNfFVvvlu1Gyc7YpInUg~mZ1MmUvCbXgtOfIULMGfTNPp20jZvbOyTe5TMcuuYOEQPwTWIpt5-I~6Cn8t9CXYocjBZV~2GzMQiPXHKLzd3gqvtt4hm5YhBnugl1qxnhT30mMxIkc5D50LNhoQqZeq0d969F5A2~wYAoCVe-euUca1AZPY1xOGSbqA6RK-xN9MYEHw04iW7vjtzb0xIMHZLQy-TGITfth-BGakVXzDkfsIRzmbVbmPJFJ3N1lo71QTyfrQPGU-~xufcq4Ab8Hy0FS11YzRBQAEAAcAAA==
# legwork.i2p: cuss2sgthm5wfipnnztrjdvtaczb22hnmr2ohnaqqqz3jf6ubf3a.b32.i2p
legwork.i2p=h-Qo-~lFHGvc067ASKg~X~zyUIPyppCz3d3AszMmZlVAolXttaokLhGh5PnKZzReapqIQuVjyP-AnIryo8uCNlPyWYXDgimA2~QQN2dkyWR3a9dNcNHGwIcdU20EmlSJdVg0gT~jvxkHO6i-94i-PTk1M70MwZfhHK7T-S1~jrFlG0ZbW2J8AjsHbOUWRW7NGr3eCawfplqJ6Ys44nZZeHWecd4sATBp7gMOSCEdU1H8btw-9H1HdfTLUJ1hm2omMjOeXk9sVrMsIn3L0ZMgcppBmFnI52YgNJBAnrmiZjVlxKl-V5CLAB1SNhso1ZxD3Pjrh~z4PxvW61qjOZAVHZj-taWwxWs6iwkYOF0BFmbtOftBGCH-JtqUcYtgU-~QqSkLTAK309QKwGYhNQ5USZvyX5~GJ0cGIiJ10jf0fI9rAoXAgec1YtEDyHI3vDj~yVfFfHuCOyBwW4z5DGJ7hngh4z8KNn9qc0aDsCh30Xt~fv6F-svrfOfVqPuz3EQ6BQAEAAcAAA==
# lenczewski.i2p: 7uypwo47x4vnryoz25vwisu5jpyhz7pcdvnfzvopww3wxc7wiiia.b32.i2p
lenczewski.i2p=R2cic-YxBh9xLZGqYoWJ9SeJMZaXYKHs4g7OHKuoyqmogg-Kuwh04B2axShQz4laZGkJOG2tajifby-uKCZAoTAE-WybQaeeUGBQwrWzarzXOOH9driuAsHAkDkVt4vYWzwfibqHkqevPi7qIaISwStFxblfjBeJq6KXulG9MiM4-YWQwA2v--m9oopP~C7gV0g2RndhxVZEFrCzvpdfaXU2ft7t1cLjZUBkp0RKcx~xmY8URUMC5ipizFDifCxiTvYqqTvn7uhScKM25Zn999BiWG0a9x86RKiVrgj78U9AI4Qz1rfE6xKeR5DpzDHw0uTvCLQyoudWGClu7VzeyoKqIwLlvFW0QzG3sPxigiggg9IsJX6oJUf8p-y880tlzJID~dY4oKygpmk8R7aH5v~PWdLo~cs6UqXvhRDMUltZMRZfpX89VNiBgj~WMaPYM7dK5Sa1KAdZjB8yjKqJsbUuAUj88JiTqxJJI65BOS539debMaVPGnJiVlI0wVREBQAEAAcAAA==
# lgbtsupport.i2p: yo2qg6xcosp3gvylprclpwasuzmmw3gunj3n4rtv3emmkuha3wxa.b32.i2p
lgbtsupport.i2p=F~c47OrkNbM~Sgahi8ZwFgpXqAgNr1aeG7ax8zuzpBehWf1ux3aqcWGVkWqdLPaszY7YV~m5RPPcitxLSRurSAz1QkRmdMbI175~76zVFnpvf-uJQ-jYbdVHGErOXO65YaoanJLunIa57GEXX32qsodudvOiOKRQcv1Wt2wIBfkAReRC4R2ZHq358kasKB4Xc57UUVPS8RrxE5PitiVT~vjiX78oCmV1M2yeUzb~Q6595huRPGvA2~8PTFKf~-1JtbiwjFD6ZZfPC2HfqoVQsNlLuvRxKPQqzejtH~9ZFseJz6r4G02bb1S~18xNe1XtQNb~lbYFPdUX4rmSIFc3G07p6QZL4SsofBMkYlW8kVP81pIQ9LYY0swT3PV9v5huL9L4VzMMikxS-wyTZ9mxYqqaCCfbsmnNJQKjVaGk5tULz5ctmMph94bFMAfz0-Zrva-zjLkp4MD0M1vDb~ddgc3-Yju18XezYVX3nXrfiz0xQ9qx43xfmskHRn7t27SUBQAEAAcAAA==
# li.i2p: jwzmbp5djo5t4mkbchhejq5mrx2yye7tkbwry22scihwy5s4hcba.b32.i2p
li.i2p=Z4WoScpaAmQX-4Xc8VT0Yo9s1LKJ4euu0tK-oELJ28qJJ3ETnNY23EgWhxWJRc8Pnpzk~CM5HMOuXHtG99ygvR2G04U-c-MKEcdV0-haGsKdD8yUzHIKXTxy6wjDRZc5rf7gF9ELk33vLPbQp0zSOs3o9GGgeTLiGr8sgE0C97meNzpRRu7BxBGkFTOP3L9c1if2Flf7sTRkdKPVltjPxg8p~iZyU68efmlmPyq-oVnDwfDP0UdKOcP7xGp0bEUuGgp9wv7ZOqd-xJZb1WK1eDKZWxVvueNxdOz3AplovBvawjU1GtMztTKm8IZ~G-CUV~qlcHTY89OO-lWv9RrxwWwm2Xe9thtTYFHUYPBkIIePbRUhh9~3q~1-982Td56pfIg-doRX7uqC66i3oMPCSPXoYi6jTLd1ArC2rVro8gCHGKs2ag2Uex8qoGuiOg-A6~ulE137AT6w8RR7~l11yF1mcbgE4rvFw29QHzaN2m~mXDXu047Jj7ah92dRZC49BQAEAAcAAA==
# libertor.i2p: 7gajvk4dnnob6wlkoo2zcws7nor3gunvoi7ofalcps5lc76wruuq.b32.i2p
libertor.i2p=xSrVRB3kzC8VR~prgSxthsx2CK3MKtz7f62w5tGqyNTnPG-dyv~tnC2hX7Zt2dt3TbVRHLdAqeDbzY9CHqLuKA~8qJWonYXQXEM1ek3DvSDknjPmdh88OfJ2QHAQlFk4qsKGn0lQ9KqSvb~mg-bPEPs~O5YiK-JwZ-2H5DaW-hjgfePyFpM-VxdqtFFyQwlW4oiCY3QbbWIeuZ1ENeuYDVaiMZOVHSJhMUfcdTkzRcM66w52a61kC5W3eSQPO~3GN2DnatVWLmojUXOJxKJSXEcsgiIWPJb7aY4QK6BGQNGhb4iuU-Y1uPAGNQo1TRpUkdFIC0Rd0F-a3RfDww3bO-OZgET9LAZsfBxMh8KlS-zLmDrXkbIVNIu3w2SLVZ6CGhAcvxY5lTXuhWO6EoF1Bx5Ot64wFZfHsNj-AAmgRLnH9s7NlPE~5irOd23BwTBXGONtByfG3N6Nu3Uwi2CVjaOxVO2wmCcoh9BGNc01DJYQXBiQtdFd40LRAio3olv5BQAEAAcAAA==
# libregit.i2p: 2tjvzbewhngeh2jtpduvq247xtiiwfozlh3eoiqqj4kbf3thcoha.b32.i2p
libregit.i2p=IyBAqKXDxyK7M35b71Zrd60E1mggJrIxOvlClT5Yz7P3IEcleTOR6M06ozfJIRudC~hskvgSxpB80RolAwhcB0yvDJsYF6HXsOHtAyQ4LwK7S~i1q49OiO4F3ZQULJN6O0YxlkYFa04aWUXN3df64hpOHUUsdoq-dxfG-sOL5i8-C9LIlLXiJCEW8HzQBKlQCFojFuougUVZDC23-no2nyPWcTsZFG6P2RLoCxf81NnNfMAHgzlxGAaIXLK4Dt8H0CITOc~1JIWBD-eWOHZUsq8rYpbc57Qib8JoLH57wHrg3op5WUrY2HXSKBYvtraFXe4o13UJftXE43n8~MfRRKKyWNhXEEDx6VTXZIlhO~woMEYow0~PjRqEfkH~spw5uZcCQIeqAaQIFnXBvCONTJ6xx9Mzlk0VIdg0kQ9TFFqc2UwoU5EGnmVMtSkF7OAnL3t7Wvb39cIKHkP48y8EURjq8oFSsWFryye~eOaS4Rg-1fSB-TD0bCHPH351ZxViBQAEAAcAAA==
# libremarkets.i2p: 3jknyeprdyirtzhc5ysh7qma4bgswazxgeylfxjtrx2xxtycq2lq.b32.i2p
libremarkets.i2p=AVZwQ4o2pv73VSgdBu0t~dyEZddIbDSiIHMbT7Ii83ep~3VscA7P6vZ~js0O02xrlwYzwslJZrPEJGbZvYaH3amMV2VJowkmVdCp6WHgcHTPfjQ5u1PCKnIH3a2C9Pu6u9MyUceCH~c2~N-SU6ogpAnQuJLg-byjOGxNfLRqzktiI7ykSeDa1-wmHhkgZFZJZMRm5ZgzB7A6mG-6trIFlAI8AvOz4pwBlfTeC4ZtcKRgfNaJOD9tSYxtnPQRpoyEpZmMU71CiidlWbu6u1xZzJkinHxOY70s-RkUfCp96bKxBruc6ea630romu8krO9GCWc3LAdI1Dwy6OFvhcb5tzet3tcxa7TMke6qX86BO7JYN3P-2U3sNkIynCdt~gBcBiyaqgAKxvY1dVGXc2qCKM97Vfueodd4HTuhfU~ljFBMp5WHwssxDMObCOUOR3pxJBHhoSF3Ay33ZlKUtmaVv6IVsbCCeJwkeOAL2SRiojnEakXGIJVXdgsmAfYwL3YDBQAEAAcAAA==
# lifebox.i2p: pyqjnycm55cuxow22voqj62qysrjdnb6nbyladaiaiirqi7vp2yq.b32.i2p
lifebox.i2p=5ZP0LuUv81hD-Eg~xIDx0zn9W280i6AEVbHbp6xJj2taiWbryHMPh7vSilqYJnXjJSZecQRfxYw7Upg2aousqdb5KyuMkWO117YQg6fHmpe9XmnD~9O1BtFCuT68rlG~WB~eTWlWlfwErBbJW-L3X7cMyLMhtVwlNf007rYPuP28fiInIo492lrZSqSNUCSDZEGTIyg5QXs-TjYQ0jKVQtAyPw-65d6ctO-~uzbQsRkwfUbhd2FIcwha7BELUyAUOPhXVk8q8vvCQbD5iNBBAOeKk2z3tgCZ4Oppv50OdtAhOBNsXSYB~QuEgyHezqsTt2P0666nN0KaUxy7Mf8LzJNfirt6uOMRjiRlTt14mdUJYe0JdM4hhkobs~2A8CSbDhWS9pQh8ezMlyVEtEXfgd8h67xp7rcBKx2B-luBjlMJx0EVw08eIC2nRNMmy1HQrHR~dF7OdtrNedVdThIs2rfN4Cw4sW7MIa6EKT7g1aeKQN75oBQ5HyloIa0t8ceTBQAEAAcAAA==
# lifesabeach.i2p: hi62jbb5nartj3ix6xlfufmwlsbjl44hdgyjbpfvrcwki3p2rugq.b32.i2p
lifesabeach.i2p=0UZ~p6xyEtb5fqfk3uOxRm2c0kL6EWygOkNBcl06WET-X~bJahaQpIsn9M2CdWxP2odp1TtcCZUeNd0yS~aDKpBM9NdbwyF4al1r6iG5Nh76SRdxdIqPbhix1rZ~fzAart2CXYfGr-Xacq57MSr2hg48UyWUmfA4XEYUYmkRMInpK~3JIIJfcuQNmvF6BiuVgzeuy6spEfIi8lgjins7LdxwmOhqEG~2XWB61oqnGML2bhEvez6CLmcD-uGa02rMM1tYaLC2Foa66rfftIFMX3vIZ35drdO5R3Gr6y86j79TYaxJWOmproqtuVOIpRU2nldJmA9GF~ndE-Xsk8awTDqGL3aNGdt8V4HNq-k5tHWxN6t5m~gESPW2l-6HOIl8x61VDd9btGvdbeauwIzzhI97IzAMRAoS18LfeVyW4-Cm22mIp9simXvvG7Q5bCZSsOulKM0pYW9FgSrMZ2GMWAo1M23uWGJuJ8bBSy81u8ZB9cGAcnxHhGwWz6cD8RPtBQAEAAcAAA==
# limak.i2p: jzoxeuuqt6wo55pvt4uh7o5i47oyadrvhyjli4hidqldhihu6lna.b32.i2p
limak.i2p=GgelsYKGNqv25zwiheB7Enu4Jy24CeoQ0Z5tPlBqok0rk2xi0TKqhAzghU9fWt9tACt5YyeDqdpgcDYletHZiIoHMJh1hrHMPENBbHfE9l8Hz5TKpIbdH~BO2ZhGn8NxSpALs~NRAEigeMX2-DLGlmm~HFIi0I-ytET0KJwb-pAitE7GndBy0EUOYEZMGtejSiLOYF~MVGPTgVe68IG3N1mf~XYtBRurqUh1a4l0FsWxxKvZO2UhWDQ7WmSmrNOCQ4VeG-HtqFyHHJCyuW-0n35hJ~fnc4WKZn4QRK2D6LlaZUDMPTDNt1z9CPVra1FkjQqBJK8PPhZFDj0JNFLCl0F1lB8kANpRREthcATYBbuzH-77Kd9WF6P9lyufVPRhn9dJ~7QFM1-AQtGLckew0JKq~6i2j-U17p2~nYh8MmLMasUv4VLwFH4LU5kVs2qxNuFQ3rzBPPAsrDJzRpdpPPXqhnfejidPl6gNYh2u0gcmKSBfRTOpTjhTOj-mJWZ7BQAEAAcAAA==
# linuxfarm.i2p: br3njhezhzx7mcv25nrxkrwu5g553xp4oyavsjhfa7jwmzyp3q5q.b32.i2p
linuxfarm.i2p=eiZFImJ3ql6sO8L0cqM-aukfFkC8FvPpNuLlBnEfqwoqdPCJW1oUNEyzxMBALqhlvjCgi0q5HbgwwU~yPKmljMcySt8CmPsKiBs1z9jBOfZTTZcqpKrQZuafnoTeqMeZ~3RlkOS-2CfWCVWl~Mh~mFO2iHKd1SDxbwL9Lj773OGf8LaQ~vzLNg3~28eFvTPwcIrMni9Z~KSzhCwBv-2C60i4vkHm6iXX0qvAiftGpefAAPB0BRENVb6x3YLfnVG2oDFbI4v6TaIP7P49VWwoQzMKIrnjC-OykzrvpKfZeUTUS~wbAgpagKU5FFJ6RMf2OwnwrvPjhS7EBDiPpw0vBMD8gU3BR1zmm136dM8jPcsTyLoxf7XxpAANlghKf5CvcSRp97rsuoHJlLPKjaL23GSu69r8YCDV3cbzxRzwhoihKb~1qdAO1T~o9tG5mqgDVVN0TeFLIRq3zgIaYYM3CrypSdF3jjhlKR6-vBdtkabR7OM14IaW7efBJQy6RKkgBQAEAAcAAA==
# linuxmario.i2p: byo4esnp3p7imsmsn6j5syfhykt53zoh5ko66nodgdwp4427fqwa.b32.i2p
linuxmario.i2p=atrY7hew2tesBKhiJKZrnUqTWNlnrpzEXbjfjak09bVLM9fsChq~kaF11P1Nu1TbJvd6snMIisMfGN77uPd4gorklQnqWV5S0d0PQwMqCxb3t-V-38GlsmFeKrxnjB6974hTAfU5U5gHUQAMNA1R3bEd3j85j4vgrqO~vImnQ9X25OqDah1rYIqXQ-3xQMyoCp5Puo-teBt1WtnEhq8BqgxaD9YW5rYdZ9-XW~t8YaUqhonJatUi4o2o9VG2E8X85dY2Hi4GaaZMUIOU8hqkLaMJJ7-lQ~euUn53tOIaPWC~0jM7nmDRl0oovn1POiehENbdtRNzb1p1HwCPiVPK8Bb6O6ZQamWKr9mHGoZkK5vCWi82wArI9oib63QbKPpiJ0oYKd9Z5Tu2iFKDLMs85xAebcXZrNryeTlRvJwaxi1SZVh4rrpimV9WMORMOe699F5dUMcxPVt3HbcU0Pkbyog6nv3XZA1-WiZPxmLi~1tM5qf2uAVfKs4tpZI419RtBQAEAAcAAA==
# lithium.i2p: jwzmbp5djo5t4mkbchhejq5mrx2yye7tkbwry22scihwy5s4hcba.b32.i2p
lithium.i2p=Z4WoScpaAmQX-4Xc8VT0Yo9s1LKJ4euu0tK-oELJ28qJJ3ETnNY23EgWhxWJRc8Pnpzk~CM5HMOuXHtG99ygvR2G04U-c-MKEcdV0-haGsKdD8yUzHIKXTxy6wjDRZc5rf7gF9ELk33vLPbQp0zSOs3o9GGgeTLiGr8sgE0C97meNzpRRu7BxBGkFTOP3L9c1if2Flf7sTRkdKPVltjPxg8p~iZyU68efmlmPyq-oVnDwfDP0UdKOcP7xGp0bEUuGgp9wv7ZOqd-xJZb1WK1eDKZWxVvueNxdOz3AplovBvawjU1GtMztTKm8IZ~G-CUV~qlcHTY89OO-lWv9RrxwWwm2Xe9thtTYFHUYPBkIIePbRUhh9~3q~1-982Td56pfIg-doRX7uqC66i3oMPCSPXoYi6jTLd1ArC2rVro8gCHGKs2ag2Uex8qoGuiOg-A6~ulE137AT6w8RR7~l11yF1mcbgE4rvFw29QHzaN2m~mXDXu047Jj7ah92dRZC49BQAEAAcAAA==
# lm.i2p: yeyar743vuwmm6fpgf3x6bzmj7fxb5uxhuoxx4ea76wqssdi4f3q.b32.i2p
lm.i2p=9jaKUoY-qshs4jP~woQRLXmMw6JkZSX0wDACEMLgep~QbWL3mZK3U0A8jDwaU9MlXagGLFMJ7Ze~rM3YdoJq-cvSlfU8zXJgpmIU3iu5SEZw8OXVf4bjmu0mE2ltA23ZdfR5~b5xioDb-tHT9yrg4FRqRF6hzm6vd8Q0tKuaW9YO~diV0nZKSFLpDUe6WfoKRV23M3z50QxSviDFrcxAlcJLW~DKKCYOQpdXsUa5I9z0x7AyFRWAxOtc~ylM9Q3eJtqVyEA~SZw0Uirrdyq14PKUI5VTO6VsHU1YYzrEXbII~vpeBXQ4iH3BGn7KpX80CkvXkrx6qJyOTqrzYotxwG8iWM2vAxlB5buGs5PnltsmE7g4TG1Xc3hBh7Fjbf1Md5qp92Vo3NZ~QRujIfn5wspBFxeRHBUTq6hztvK6SbCdSJyk-y0h~VEcUOEz-vc5MyGAM7siTofSbc~3KqP75a6J3ffEK4xLbc-OG-so9yctDDqDbRqlB-Ag2fD2KegKBQAEAAEAAA==
# lnxcloud.i2p: wryxsgqp3xl7fuohijmxlugrndtp2vixqlt2obpgriwt3fpdjn6q.b32.i2p
lnxcloud.i2p=IAMzPQISKuoAnzYEqmKpzhuMkzjYhWAKtAPO4oYODloeXCFj8PsfYumTxNcVAqTT670aUwLq-Ttf0cbNZ7ke9kaKDPVOtwC4O-JjFXsKtRo8nmkF-MhtcBFJZwMCVLNRDyxbN72u1gwyPpJTTWoIoSJxtqOm6fZEv0gL1dHp7VyidC-6NK8KEcNAJw3uF9IOLb2K4I4YfTsStWZhTQQVFqgEMfPBkZ6QU8NWlRvbcsrzu-ESvI9cpUhXkD-DNOqoV5wjXwFMoEyhki8u7TDdE5kDv93cfq64fw9d60al8Jyv2a~KT1SNB~XihVo5xzVxfagO0N3DhkWargRdX1ACOtgK5hjCcOCtYH7Sw5etoVHSJ5ybiZgxORr8pca3Nq7LpXf6iGRggemgFbNYAik3aYqQQuoCqmifiKLtAZWpPpyjs6P-Jro-SgeWhceLYUUsgiRPsUNe3eB0SyShfUjYRXrA5Kr8NCX-axaZuMyofLE69yXr3J-lJBrUhOvdQng5BQAEAAcAAA==
# lockdown.bnet.i2p: vgbvuawi5y7rh32xxjlqcmsoh6quigdvypqneoidiy7y7x7r2umq.b32.i2p
lockdown.bnet.i2p=wzQBM~so0vpQc9ayH-4FHUxkeSaj8-7frciIum3MDVyL0ecLbQUnIgTjPIpBR2b9xd3T766Nfz8EsWqa2lveaEfJXkT2jWMNaqdXbjNcggvtB3fdPUyDUNEWwV78JU9y5eKuM0c8xjtxWQt6T0CY00GHvqpOQ0W54xKjfwe8ClfQtlXN1lLVzG9k6Kx1sQsH6EizlPo~25HPCJoP7TCVHUj3pnJ~VRWCjY~stAB2rHokyk9pj~TV5H1d8t44FdcbHaBZg8EPeYN5IUZiHmknq8r~kmHDUmeacOJEY5Uj9m6lXaUq9qEmn-SJEn4Ze4j9xdwe1lAt65-hfBcTyp2m5BcPGBAbRsuvprIEBndNerk6e6i9DAB5eajAcaVXE6ArDHo8C~91pOp1lT39KYfjNFbokqki7D9btqlV~OrEo~r7iJP2FXF~aI1NZv0rp9xpe7wyJDS4gzbq3nPJmQxd3uMi7CfSrPYytDHGTObgk-P2zE-vcWmPnAL9PHBI0D8TBQAEAAcAAA==
# lockdown.i2p: vgbvuawi5y7rh32xxjlqcmsoh6quigdvypqneoidiy7y7x7r2umq.b32.i2p
lockdown.i2p=wzQBM~so0vpQc9ayH-4FHUxkeSaj8-7frciIum3MDVyL0ecLbQUnIgTjPIpBR2b9xd3T766Nfz8EsWqa2lveaEfJXkT2jWMNaqdXbjNcggvtB3fdPUyDUNEWwV78JU9y5eKuM0c8xjtxWQt6T0CY00GHvqpOQ0W54xKjfwe8ClfQtlXN1lLVzG9k6Kx1sQsH6EizlPo~25HPCJoP7TCVHUj3pnJ~VRWCjY~stAB2rHokyk9pj~TV5H1d8t44FdcbHaBZg8EPeYN5IUZiHmknq8r~kmHDUmeacOJEY5Uj9m6lXaUq9qEmn-SJEn4Ze4j9xdwe1lAt65-hfBcTyp2m5BcPGBAbRsuvprIEBndNerk6e6i9DAB5eajAcaVXE6ArDHo8C~91pOp1lT39KYfjNFbokqki7D9btqlV~OrEo~r7iJP2FXF~aI1NZv0rp9xpe7wyJDS4gzbq3nPJmQxd3uMi7CfSrPYytDHGTObgk-P2zE-vcWmPnAL9PHBI0D8TBQAEAAcAAA==
# lodikon.i2p: u3f67staiwhqxpacya3clmvurdwd2kp7qcthzhstqnhrmlwc2g4a.b32.i2p
lodikon.i2p=FkKRzH~qa9PVoxanMIMS2kZQCtBkrH4Ot6pgvEmmiJ8FbHBKBET9CFJqJtAfXw0JAUSCpizf1BDIqzrvyPJ5qyOYNGTt00kC6Os3HfHapbBAs9OkDFCzZiaQw8v9Tu153LZSZCqbRlDNE6NQFDVIjtJwBvGtC5kxWk3PP2V18UeK9X8InaXqpRicKmcb4nqEoMAjNNTQ1hnL1TYu44TsKuGQw0ub33Nl05RVGNJN7ejNO4RwVAHeAMDuMTLhNHz~MM78ZbLIKllxIh6c1GD~oLutshPCC7aZR7M8RRuMyJ~5Y92ihLju7dQtEPCYxPH1pUmBoIV0ydbLK0PNpZaAuCX9oCqdMNeDnIZYtiXfDH8i2GC6SuFjNBjihzGH91J3npKaCrDAepsbW5UnoicOmI7EbW6pz~vwbCjEaShh7DVD6mykvl-GYrnz2tHEYWDbHSeLSHsl1kGB4qySqQmUR3KPS1Yw5~48ZcmOdptp5gpY~XPw6~AD8EAHPJ14hgOSAAAA
# lolicat.i2p: 2mvlbpgzlawdxqv3zlcgcje475kv35ow2itpztjpdqegbtjpvbda.b32.i2p
lolicat.i2p=8NZheQUN~~XYh31fF8okuJorJnIuwAwg1kmkWhJLmj1veYMciQp7J-B~7XLA2jtum~R6QW2ySTAAHyj5RYbkefkN7~n7lxpQ~-gNUrLbGau4cGOi-6e3OI5MRG5icXNR~g6VsT24KZu2rQk-zjw3HxDS1V5jUvdH1gCMbdrz7LR3aLVuhTVToD2zh7hE76nkYPPKeoJvbD4mJOvdnO8Jht0EJMSaTQ7iCXVyz7iiuYcIeJ7ZqpUI19S32PMuId210pQb1lgDfA9sN51fwI2btXXmQ6eQc-1C7FOPyO27p5Ry6uYFF-CRGiATzPwdwaE5eNXIHLf2bCQVvRFfosXzv9MpVvDrSFQuCJRY6MW2bPMV8EGzo5WBS1-glZ9ZxTGEYnCZZm10K2zSfyKv0p7p~83sSdV~fI6weQFIO0s3pJuyfjbT5ezJGYImrx5bBRc50X1CVLJJT0cWG6hWUkhePgp2060rVsWHq5CSKGwdtPi22IA0eGoTM7YzWGILmqS7BQAEAAcAAA==
# lolicatgirls.i2p: pjhlh4h7zn3slglx46ffob5ifcccrcqr5dzbyyueh3wd6a6bizra.b32.i2p
lolicatgirls.i2p=wTbLww3Gay1NwXoisLA9qmeIAiFdETIrWR9SgDhrJjJWQ7BUIm1a8JNBTwGreyGVhEFqmSDLnHq608WjatkTWZ6jkgOM-~BusCjuMjIjQnNnrfJ-SatfNqiGaT53ievmioaClN5LP9V6K9bKaNVLaPBh4uNXSwqK-IHQidXh8mXyekiBIpVnWo1xcUEvGA3f2OOQCD72CZ37m3VM~D60mkRJTlKzn4W-KuSh1JM2JA~vow1OzP7MsvlAUN43DD-ZkX1jEKg2Ck9GVNCITRFUmLB29Z2YsN8gGY05mtxlQE2cItOvlA-uhSD4RM6aDv0RE-jnTXlN7nVONE4h7VWgRHxMz3TjlafVinRnQUBoYH5GADJdM3EiJfznDrNhGA2sHR-mj2n27ZzmXHbk9gVzAxRMBy~vm-yH2n3O~5fNocKjfpyMcjq3IzRwlbYJwc8tV~04KdFyftOOI-RLHdYOR7RJtQr9SMa3AVcJ93LaGjk3FW2BHkrqJ80x9QJuEjCbBQAEAAcAAA==
# lolifox.i2p: xppm46zo422sz2vnw5c5ildlk6u2by6ytj6wuvffuiv3b5uuv3hq.b32.i2p
lolifox.i2p=KQejfBHLyW~DrZ-ULExc6keYxbIAs~bkF0~i~V~pwww4znDIiKoF7rHBLJjiPpdynDsNB3rWIfVQUi~PMO25OiVfxYBERXDDMiYfnPIPjgNePjyWyeHD0U4os3iFVSP2YTb-JkGyR0gnq6JAFgg49~r304nbd56jMFZytYS9C8EGjAAoJtdrH~IOoLr4VKAlultO4lPmJyzdLTWVRm527~LclUgT4umVzXa8lrgO5Emnm9FtMabYFDNG8lXqszWo3EYo7TcMB082fHb9N9iGCPxQWgarl3NgQ8s-tl3kp1~bM2LwSlZcLIrZo6sDeYSvjbjRpkk0r9FIJPPRiVJbc7kzaaZCOqNc4PAP5GDSo9g3b4NHnxoa42jH8T~OYyx9jG4K7atX4fEToAU7WrvXje7gFPAMplQe0ZQNEMFnTzuDRLVuxVvwgmwR3t5yIqtHc3Mt-dm2Ns3~dhBPmHMNOFZ8bEwRqr41XhJDxSF27vD-y8KQu2ifYfaaQF~e0KTfBQAEAAcAAA==
# lonelyirc.i2p: aromm24u3pety4ouj6eaq6bcocegah2k5sg3hlgkdu2n4xujz6jq.b32.i2p
lonelyirc.i2p=DL87DJBvZL9arDpxk2wJhLXvn5iQPQyhm9bxViw0-LA9HvmRU2S4U2HqAtba9Rp2J~tyjnzVLjGa1LSj7vtZpG4vy4jThnoEgzsBsmkZet~PYJs47R2uvovHRiOtsB7jAl9EzxoB38mxGRNscfMSea3sqLYDaw~bY50NDkJtrdZQZbnJaRO39RRS35pAyElj8byPTMwabxbXtdV-3CbTa58Pdl-~FKiP9HxgeqvW5hQK0xhTbEMYfhCXgrrUv8S1BhjRFw4c2V-FuAQeYIgAjbtq7nEsECvdwZs5VWncbfVvsavCG690WwwA5t4zkVdaby-r0PjTeE9AZWDPMnlypp8FLi5PVsEhqxlwTDjdfXnGWoA-SwYgtuS72o21jyflOGdtlu33xHpSqox8vP4KKmJlsVAE2HvAPYd2ONLv8lwmsW8AwUIw4LsYNWC2TBpOzY8rYcmrgqNc8Hef6o4GhFPc3suJ4MCozuDM6x3tq-WCJ~NT44EE8u7O5ym1SNSxBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=2361pdGn7q8Gwbp9vrWooLqfcy5dTwTdp9agL~RcvFz32JZ6Z5CRJ5XLxYClk1rPE2cGzb3oaVMCbq8LMTTIDw==#date=1625428967
# longseason.i2p: ighnngssgd6p4kyrec6m556rasvbtx5xe7bsyxol4lie2dibi4da.b32.i2p
longseason.i2p=jzR1VNgn3VV1-EJj7DlxgTLfFiXZtrEPgtmWkV6ChD-Kp-VQSJRzovP8FuMDTlXvR6Dl77FWfHB-GwX6MzmbE1zjcZrzftClEzMCh23VMqY7Z8gHTqzFGe~zcvlhMV7yDpIIrz512bKxMUDdt5ZtCpUzJlMU3O~xWqAFOw-bEpExVHP~-zWBdbGnKD9HFEeItVEeYGxm0Dqn5DcCnt4neL2ggksRWEoPOFH7ZxAH9dKwmwRXGWNj4QtXwluIkuT~0WiADBjedF0uS1AlMC~WTW3e2JO0jyGRoL5t-J18kxOxTK47dY69y2V6g-z-jBzoP~jx45aAHrrydIzJdwifWpa-9ZGCNclbEP7jcAwVvuarS8H~WSoMYiBq2kRcvhe1KE-yOYfEFOGuTEA7fIPG2OGe5cIRJ0KVuxIiPjlZg9RPEOLrtVodlS7E3jdgVJQ9EiL~rbi14qB3VBqok7YvEcpILKkthSQ9pRgxwJIg8eGvxklQ9XkWOsOotkk~naETBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=Pnhvv87Vqz-YHpEEWqc8E~hv3US7CZgbKi5IbRtmbx2Xr3H3pa3E~2ZX0~jag24ijXhno820awtGu0768EshCA==#date=1602639800
# losinka.i2p: r2z2tcs6eguevoxlkrmpkcanuwgnsit2o45svnwaer3wq4v76hrq.b32.i2p
losinka.i2p=FqTIwoU-9YkSQ2mlCQ~fjZDHoCWv2I5CgHuQ~ot9YgwqKlnAv3KoUUiPyU5Vv7gPCG3vIh7XG9L8tLtZKMBapJqKt1o6W7QtsLhOvd~eyHPrJzABZkOphMSjkr5IZet55soJKJvQeg68ACwVK9BjN7SXKzL6kAE99oePSATvZW8VaDJxKgWSWYEJGJnYzXlAxX3cuBBhZXEI5LDg-lqeVH80wl9~sWqc6EwX3oMFOy5kwXECpYqZ7PlehDD2v9ReIrpRlU60tdpLiNIqydYzIlnt5FjQTSNY3VRU2mUceM6ZMkrTEJqEuBaPZof7zRLHBhl89sGRp0g0By59LlPfI7dwSqpi25R3qp9ali3x5L~wQ8jih60me9npdzUUHGi3Jbim~fHYUiwFrfeVIglmErVDjrBGMzuX498OmvFaQgtlZ8Q7swIwBGIESVTovSasWE62jrvYuXTf0-N8iXcZbfOjaNQ1W4Jk1iOi7SMp4SDZkGxOfXMohFLU3BaV3X3xBQAEAAcAAA==
# lucas.i2p: hcb6j5indzeqfyerq4igx45xgruijbs433mh22ye4osoxkxhumwq.b32.i2p
lucas.i2p=EvWqLlkMWI2ozi6u1LFSuYePgq0zHbrlRRH3hw6OierDk72kXpgJbBA1gnGqX7QrvDtMyUtOLPgYuBXYxyAaTLj11q~AQLHo77miYJ-LcSmRtLFhoTynIuYwit4djPuiwlQ-VNzNHKytm9-b1Xxj2~sKQcCJMKxCxbZftUncw2xTeK79zGldKLRJsaNrJtHUzPs8-9HG6z8rm2YdU64BaQnGUiQhV0GTJOhIV7S0fndYCPeofujzphrqiinOdex9pso7VD6posXBKhrD~2su0oHZ5OcCMiBCsFGsXxfhdpumEhE~51otUbKyxUbaw0kCR7KTKLnk3akY0bzdU9nKPRJpk80WGUe5XScPBSWOAvYUNkzHYUKUmMlf3u0UYlsFszbGLBtTJrZxw1C-lAvs~1mBX8E9ODGi09~-NMdafudOQsgRDlDkK2y12sE3Bzpwn9VS2TQrQiVnkbR6tzx27gt99Do42CNpePTFB29BGo~cZRZBq5Nqq04hnkYbEWTnBQAEAAcAAA==
# lukgth.i2p: 3o342vj6yg2agynqgudrsozhlamurdzdqjk4ubnn2lyofdoxryaq.b32.i2p
lukgth.i2p=K89hfVG9PMXAmbLOcd9NTKFSoT9jAJVYt61SH2dlLtvcwf49Jwxfv-hcNpjtzyJwH1ew0V4NkCd6qOAzpACUtcNRmO1TaE8g2S5kW9IxNngq3Fbtla~3vfZQWFu3~L6Y9ic1E3Hs5PgGqn-p2LTQpZKgdTC34b6Bn4EpFKW~n2gzF8mSDOq~v4Kq77KmaYUlU8EXZ2FAgjtgHtgPOR94Gt1Ey2B8SFoZmU7npfovGNZsFVSkmFp4NcVmlBaMW9AdcZKAMwAD4Dtd05Saw2HcBlBxg6QYE4r2O-pq5cRVK3WtmYMQFNPhhSbU2BBpUhDvI1eCRGBtcVhg3WWlqGHgwEUIOMrdxbFol5UZF-9XoS9RVTaiHpwa8MZ2MqFL9-kEBPLy94F6PU2DvdAqUVeTYEBeU-Nmq-e2rOX~Zt0GvWLRSOGeEhggVgkGrEY8nocf4IEwGnVduyt8NndXvds9TM6Jq~-6K1gD6saeOiLmCEeDC9S6sNzDSFZZwg79fPa7BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=V7VQYM3VNJCkwO5hZT02prdLT~jOFiVvz7ojrz9bXvnzbQLfnP1cMO~bj8VqroNlg0C7zB~qrgz~iaKOBTCLCg==#date=1626620691
# lunta.i2p: 2zzyzl3qany4rs2nze4nh2jzxnpp743ypsexda6safaw5jbcvblq.b32.i2p
lunta.i2p=q5vwrS735OIi6CnXCqfDgAL6Zz1350KcO3p7pChVHJGcx6n6bSRTQkhgO5NfTurrbQTxs8eD7TcgwzcpIS3LxNtiA~Y4KVMjiY4eV2yyR-JbvxT1~~~b1J7p48X618ShHw507M91k0UPzbJXSKVLX8QlTrfR38oIsVw1XdJVF9jIg0ju6Jd-NNJZE4xmVPhSjnvmIV8wIYz5q2Tvi0FhHJ-pboWFGtVpw3sh2r7Pq857QgDQTeshGarYJ6tcj5UhrdR2BgEAQzBO7MvsQIOneVlmoZfStxQjqtXlfgDmf81eLG60vbJjzqbD9wt42n25WkRFr2ZH29f5pQ2AyMgIWX25y2bvOENTYIa~sBHfxeNKIb7NWY2Z42DEHHU7DIof90sScHu7uMkXmO~MuBJLjkfjKHSOMnpdwPN175AKM-gbxpSZVVgGQgnqN5wcHBD~wXCUFBIspwkcOKdlL8qyJNSzLkmwkRsiyQzQukeLXu9A6PT9n3bdmqZAKSVB7SSkBQAEAAcAAA==
# lyoko.i2p: afuuortfaqejkesne272krqvmafn65mhls6nvcwv3t7l2ic2p4kq.b32.i2p
lyoko.i2p=TfHpHNMiNH8wcRf~SqJiBbrTOm~ixw9Pf0YMeIIae3WT0lVddZSlfBnKhaIG9QagHM9MKVKmo7hUq2E9WB1RbR1kATxXoX8~utGzHoOTP1BfyYItYZiAG8qKZEx5~qMKC6Np894trBvRXrtvheWzizxJBYbh88O2ieKQFE2Yu23-M7Z~rPGfzQTgcUpHQwmMM7ZWPy1mW~8lOmGljAYek3JEKbmHKs1CGRo3GXvACyHpwXsDNmeqxwkw9lr8tzETvxRYMubIM~8sOt8wG338-CN~TbOAQZwtQ7Ntbk7ltbU7Q9F4wHn5mWjdT4rXsyJhUa8F8n4SyjmgNC8cO5MbmSmbKYdewFd0XtYHbNtaLIGCkcwdSc~XgTkWSjSehB7CnFJ1iYayKvDK4KOeWsJvPMaZ0oO~ySkNeUc738NZXE06CyaYwFeSxkeL6l7zoNQnyOv2FqtD7rvhCGucnA~P1gkHwpLljO6W31iP8bmnxbl24dujf~uEe8O5w~ebdC1LBQAEAAcAAA==
# lytor.i2p: ezjrtucwkkf3xgssjtq6tr27hz4zhbkobr4zjnl3x4jrwy7f7m6q.b32.i2p
lytor.i2p=cqXN0za2FP8yLnwv7LVOGh4lo~WisuO8K1p0vf9~BWv4s5F5w2yYd1E4BYj8GLRtuPbt4KvWoHxEMxKa2YrmkRvTK40LgrC-GjWZ-rW8NTIwdE-oicLjl0W8jCzBx0GElL7oWomI07de24uzFXLE2mZLgi9epkAcVHIUuKV8ajfduA85njxyp-DcY7IrEqRP8LPCzqjpj1dqkVvPOWO3vEhG8BZTorwo0AdJlTULR06gp5xDdHmjJJesRKH1MfaylrdhFecosrvEZoT8o3oUKkoz75S4mAUinq1femjR0E6K0qxGWn6ZIk1DbI9fnJ4t~fXp9aRf0q3tjit5wx767damvBiKsNfwXZla9ydEeNMNabqzoHMTNrxx65hBkWys1Q~y3Y370QZfNxXgu36-edD5Ki6NT6jPhUtg83EfEHBzrAGcwMZtum7lqBM~v-EYpyalCuIsFl7q8smD7xElSJiRdHBpoKyNGEcTFMLISO6HJBPZT3aMwESwsryAuGafBQAEAAcAAA==
# mail.i2p: mail4okikc3tknhn2tfyqzq7mxgzltqg2tw5v5frtzkcsm45zdra.b32.i2p
mail.i2p=2f01aSpaDXyuqFKSA3AvXdHC-3KdCdJftqyWUuAPuv97DhTxM7xBrmDbBk5ZsDa91Z32cQlPIpLoSrmnjqyxP9ZGkslKmAQd9-odDOHya2a0MY2tMiZjB1NtY6Aidw8DJN4Bnshsgs1zpd1~~AT3YxL5P49z1zM8aBFVqWtNPkd8aEHeXbiQMGhnKBIdynm53kasaFmak7THtIQlntw3yncFvu0QAQxdDtEeD6pnDkRu1-gsrKxdsQuzmXv-uP5NdbUgGmqdwchPs69soS-8-haG0QGNkxtrowJxfm60cEFn6iiUf8On-yrnBtEwmvxdySWzP2S4dUSSkUBFtGA5rPbDFBBZsfhoRjtrWUndp3GmvonTSfEeAMDlggejgfXHcgjViAmuAqEisWjbvB96sClmwB7aa4kYJYgDgCQyjwJu4bsq3e42tKTVqn0eOXKhoFbFfH2XRYcD~jYOeSgOMesAdkVcmm0frXwvVQgdRDY~sfkf8~bQwzTmRhEYxb2JBQAEAAcAAA==
# major.acetone.i2p: majorivqe4wud5ksadgfycdkgqsesqbbnw4hpgcqfixy4sm77f4q.b32.i2p
major.acetone.i2p=tfavNJt2w-KoeAnYRA-SYZmDG7vOpuiUrCtJWYFQSR8WA3Uv3Qzy5aBuN5-GaIZ7FN010osU6dVd~BotBJSom-wu17Rqn5T2q4fWgfVOuoqt4shWUzA6q46BXuA7U4iPPDBlQmfC93wVHBwSb-vNGM~lQcRuWmo2qXFG4XuYq85zWbkDD3DJXzNUhubCBcagyEj0AW5GGKYExOee-NHJD3ZC~7EouTLjg8aNKMdKBtdGFufR8y95ZBMhD9JibND2vqz~LL~RBvszZ~wxwxHYb~u0ZXV4Nes~HEH9ILXITYUYuaf5JOEvFaKKRx-ECY6voNrWLB2ienDS8~~bXaQymMBsYpKqMX4-W5tRU~HqRWWP9UMjyWz-Je-ePGtQErK7jcUDJnDUyj1x~VWoujqvL0beAd6I5PGt3edHqTaQSvjf2T~1JHYpzTlVajLJew9u3Fm5WHD34L6m~Oan7cMn0J2pK4d6u8mE42M1-oX2x5YU4x0-AUZmG81IITwAAk~LBQAEAAcAAA==
# major.i2p: majorwsiehucyqfqbw3g2on3xqq2pwrwdd6hhyludqqr6ct7xdoa.b32.i2p
major.i2p=3EnLeOEx2bBIW6-HmPUojaAqUG2ss9ehfLFqi-rnNPgHAKvqmgQTKuPQMU1WJWWri2drDBkhMZ2Fo5z2LbwM2UhmaWFfLEnl-6BoklqpW0SkLujH6i~-e~BFqg60MGCvJ2H15PPhWgXA2bQI4fUaLq4LVZI0bCFKlvi~atjkDI~GM9gxtZzUN5MeBfUgLew4pz6XF5lqC5ngPPbjBUyD404V1wTYfavvXZCdXar0TTPCw-GzBv0y4DUyYtGOVcVTU3k5DK1ifGd31GuReVVUb-7-dXSblxmZa1uGgXBzB8Ec6Bpab2clodssQlEfkY7-J9ZoJ1hNoG-yFaT2VMKsFYm2kN0juxCouH~HJxFB76Yae6Cazx3ysP2LUQgtr4UdLs9NtMRoJWWbjVrsLXl6PML4IBYBjgEI5ALwq4b29V2hmgbanoDW3NN~zShf4SbicWtxSimX5GiE~QP~UV~jT3JeYD~dtMgkQxlymlwzxyMxfWfghYVYy3x-gUr41li7BQAEAAcAAA==
# mambo.i2p: sm3mumfqv3ak5x3gdl5uq3k2ofpuzajwov3j6ool4w4tnf4n2fzq.b32.i2p
mambo.i2p=JdD1dm5jls3PqskXarfm1Dq8gQ~kIpfiu6eOlqGtEIkcjRAfgvvMnXOuVu6-rLUeUVWlkJxAAwf~yHSM3yuxIHkYLjNj8uuAXb0cRDNlRqFyKhUYYbSHDtGH1aK2jOcuGOn8vkBgPsqjWMuL5VDYfnrTlkETJ4K40Ln-V2qKnuKBHwmNGQKiZc7sjaiK3Llk1E0arL6V0RHmZfb3emBnnNHJfppG6LFGmoUX~8GU5SGdVdYK2mKS-L4OJWGBZJA-MKIkrXCGY9yWZfkSvBBx25~PVneLdaIOnmqrjSwWoPjS8QTgbmPBEon6WCuWiZgGuVfiJQWFAE~updpVkGgcYKHratIeJlhH4NowaJn0bGtfAYviPFckbVZ19bkUD77gMtrN9bhkUUFnJABkNstpR0WD~tHO1pRJCHFdv2r3aAunfzJ4Jvv6-rPNeYOTxJ5hA5xNqxZfPuB6GB4LSr5qWyUhYm8m~lGjyeAjSXcGUf0DkAJatNKoDW4t7eDLmUwpBQAEAAcAAA==
# man.i2p: progskxxt44tlefm5uc4jqseanlhgbbkjyz4g3nvjjzbvhhp342q.b32.i2p
man.i2p=XDeKzlVKYc38yUA0PoxLQvRDiy38z0YGj8aM1uXcsFdXkDL1UFQK0PZIgrgYU93QSZfm0oFkMbzh2nm1C2d6BAAUjDw6iiaIust3rf1JRmV04yihVgwidZhzq1fNIlHAeOSFTfishxO1NXLKzD70azeUMRP30Zhgtr~4htQEpJC2U7h6eaTRaCDT6cg9w43Oj74JrAnX-FFl0r3j2I5NnEqIOAFLgEXMJOOFLA4kOttBiI6eagNrZAGl~MkQ9hERih7z19~Q8-cZRt4QyiTBWNuakoPuByIS2K2dj40RLAbySsW0-34ZlMW8YJgGhleyMknzqPmw4IxxnwiGYK4KxrrzsMnH5gvTpmotjm4H2K3OF3G6o5x8xUw8R0-fjSe6KsUEsADUaQFKT-IMoRgq8iTP6wc1Bo9i5lb3OHUTwwEsgxh2gfkK0FjiyZtIw7O8utemVJMnHuPBgAOQGXp049TLI~YWShIOr7-fm6xj7ANGaKyBi2Lgj5Kloh10O5z2BQAEAAcAAA==
# marenostrum.i2p: tlrae2xdtewfb262daw6ygm5nz5vusc7rbiefpndubjk4jvh5roq.b32.i2p
marenostrum.i2p=Y35Dzos4kMnOvMnIqyk3Hiqfpe4MTVvjPu6YNxhj9f3MmPnrSkR2efyoIFoa-HD1b3IZ4zLNLDVqWQVVDJTJSAllPy-ByxQ7rnjEMnNg4ihMWtLIl8cy~IIi2ey9TnhD4OXefMuu2BY1wvwmknqrOc2NAG-yg0UB3EimPL0Ndqb46OSNKbUgMU1zcPWCIbQl~x6IDGRy9ltx65xvfsCgGoBT9sujv21373EA0DsVCN6FJXNn-vY-5DVbc6pIykxGyznkV0qiO5-5569q89KfAARsthBAocSLQUH9L2gUp~U3RZJJQ8DltxW91xVDc~daVuhBDa40S5VWqyISQyX0ijws1qbYk3UiOnj4XVItIVUHWeUdwiEothLFVf~IC2Q67CME7hZRVyYSdxTGwSDSrL1J~jXfEe~nDeHxDlxopqgEd-gA6cAqiJzjM4uuqdh0U4Iih0hLMzUJFAC-QAUtTOpL5tyD2EJioxl6U4e8IsEmVYPSfa7zAXKUNzpQQRlOBQAEAAcAAA==
# masflam.i2p: ucvzbekxpbzfizwndx4bgsj5bjbygdu4vc3xukiseiw5bvatxivq.b32.i2p
masflam.i2p=jXzYeVZ4gL-QwOtO2vnpYw5ULMLAqztW5TNcrVbH3Po4nywfyq-wpUEujgc8z-5bjOyosel9B9F3CkzHg9m1j--YzvFVzrxAcnavewHSbXpZj4gzlT5qM3ai9R~fwnU7JwEDSimUQZu9xxTYcLNfZtn7K-JKIyyRifngsWIqWN6qO8qvzJ6ZkQczg7I-hrwLDXB0SGcACzcFFWaUxb~ytbMULtdHUTVWoM~gE5ad41kD91Rb2k5RJFXZM9TBSvtihFsHrs8j7mku28yKNj-w2pkzbIDshmMvkQ9jmdb1pF516fleNQeNsRG1Ib~BI8Xoh-NpsORN32uVApfMCl4NbINHROokf8UaEcpZJkn083MQ9DZ6kT9avuTSSnTc8kH-OKAcqnhkkBrHHsE59WYF7POoTi12-4cR5gE4LA7rcUHV4gwkXrFoy22RgyORTHTz6cYwTALyS-mHxAH~RU~hsFG5TFPpdxhw9g3GIL-eozniZKf98mVF9PEKVX56HyLTBQAEAAcAAA==
# masterdestroyer.i2p: yp2g7frk3ze5ljaxbmhmh6hhda3rmpwmpianozi6or2uzqzdur7q.b32.i2p
masterdestroyer.i2p=QHeODCLKRtqVcBQH6y6fTU~4T4GIkAF5s1NWdOx7DH6oNNF3tPjYSCQfpxZkfw9ZNAShZJ9cq2U1mwMQNnYYcxN~A06xgzuOMSdw0n6r3o5ulBZlpGvAdba-gZa2bjWuB6g9y2xkpAoGUgbzt9TDwUT722r7ozeOzvuXPhuJCL58SXeo8WiHnwy5ivg8BTcJ1FMjTlIxZUFbIosaNTTMxOlTBZccrpAVLpckjhReLz-aO0N4j~rxFElsOUOYrybqJY2wV8wgVpmeNN~JiNCrVLOI3AdaLhHDxB3FRIqg7dSd7PKNBiohgRarxQjK1eRU7GTdPBK4USPDc-GAfPGKhrUhkakZrJR7kvOTfYru-tgxcK3BidqNxG1EHafo1l9YpmllijMefXtMDxg26AXyZ1UUtToaAKPYUn84wH-6di04eHjblacuj~0mhkHJWzMIkBSMqaKcZqA0icMbmbYl7rPn2~EHqWTG8mhPErDYCWnPn3gIZDEd5TZ8Ee42LOPCBQAEAAcAAA==
# mastodon.chudo.i2p: bba3rhijp3btiinfeixrk2jzz5rilnxxrxvjjx5os23ro4n6g4cq.b32.i2p
mastodon.chudo.i2p=RnKzVBts1aymCwzJinQI7pNQq~bbenoEWUcOGe7RJpTmPQ4UN0VJxiYQVjgVOFYFPZTvWIHmc7t0ryCklvIxXgPmrmOk3ZPn6p0j35NMww0fEBuBe3bGpJARGtTRUQt8S~ixfHE-do8IDC7Wdex6wg74sVATyklsAUSDx9Ef~mE2ibDAFbmXWE0OIySHNj11Pv7RKqjhLbAr2e4l7IW3ZcbAO-DXavsSt-yhng6LfEiyE4HYnhQztSKeJsWciNaIG2C6Vyxvp7uln2cq~WFZiCG5lmcrCfAcX5RCZiiaqFPBR-EBlJlOa2dqmRG4MnuPeSp326eVloLryU7a-0jk9n-MN9xxK8NnBqfLk6MgcvVhu8SObHa~Ro1TQXEHBZLfQXwxBg30rUHU3sP8LOrb-x3O9VBgBSY7Hc5K7j7ulfm-zLSked6RIflpbO-0OQYLkwE58qNfI9vpBVT7Nl6A0JEXuSBzJi3D5p7xAAMe4kM2rsGWVpMx95P81CVOnq~hBQAEAAcAAA==
# mattermost.i2p: x5oovnhnuli5fnwtgkbd5z5jvrvdvprqyuofywx6uoxkk4bie6ya.b32.i2p
mattermost.i2p=OujKrKOaPJxQbWnBto6CkDhuJ-cYJJExhMu9FObXcGSbnJheQqcw6MutRbCX8iitjvA7NSmj~VHjpmD21EPiXdJDhQae8mJWuPEr9p85Y2YnVnZnNgZXGbF7QfbSJ0qzLvVK1R4FXpIsJwH-l3i2W-1F6dyc7VOlsbA-S9J9AIbjn7mTH85w4BgFqwUCksOs0H50shaoMbqc50gcd5kqdl-mDNfx0WPAflKxmFSukBKBKvdBfmgimEUDCfekvJQWTirmzUjJxMOc0BWAhTdsX6Mn338WSApXY2CryGlc~1szNk-7plGaeJC1VwteJ8ebYi1wVhlwV2BEsn88SJPh7dB-Ek961Q2AtFLOe9SVEC-Pe1I8xSP4Uf-uPaS3XcYIgACRkttOzIPZDfSobxy85UlT5IGuVQ-LpK7jD7QFbMB-A99cxbxNaUstcxcCXMusd8HZvN3w11dLBRHahwT1DNJOQCo3APpZLo0Ry~~ZVbZgYh~rMHEFQf~O9HAnUyFwBQAEAAEAAA==
# max.headroom.i2p: qf4gfhjxrzkmjlcz24zy2itm6iohe3bbcij6trg62hdngeodcuna.b32.i2p
max.headroom.i2p=einYTkYXd07zpBkuBv-~x~i1E1brmQ~QGnqYaJ3wYuSdvIz~EmKuTPqT1bax6SWwbI~DBdqQIJxa1VxVGdgm2I7sDt5fwxs5Pt4V1M6dcG-Tprpl95CQ002i33eYQAA8AC2kqRtQ8XFEA8yTi2LTytfjlP4dv4MOdr0I2ZIraFQ4fn374GcpfN13JseyCJoBh-GMhk3lPG~BFv6WdA4Yt5lb9H1GFGzyOMaUTHlwqT28idPZZ8-~ZGWkMjGutQQ2zxABbrPEt30QdWApKqyjqPqS5ZL-PM18uQe9MW~Zc9O5~eSbpbrrkx1OE8R2yxq4OGhJBbjJBEklAo4-DM82v05DPXByXKXnI2quxs-zOxyKxMknOpU1R-6QddAhnp8zDiVaWHB4-XtASSaGT8Qtxsdx~4K~NPOTOacRonHv-WxZIth~uPOQ45ydg43VfDk4cMXObrqdezJn8SCTkLV9BPw1UiSZFwEsr4Y3zl12l05ZpApLM~QZQIFePyXaRZ-pBQAEAAcAAA==
# mayvaneday.i2p: zli2qsg54w7y42vgw4xxlnj4nktcpg7xp33yjxkp33sjafvznbwa.b32.i2p
mayvaneday.i2p=qDILhemqDR0SG57Y3Bbzvz4rXd6Jpob-4nLtMoX-8R~YLvOt1qahN-fc-9UCMMV1CWuvNDD-lbeZT918XWt6h9EA3mnUwiW9ecVNbtHwMPQwaFrZyI-0DrrNayVmX1Och6HLSoMcXja5AnYBoZmhatlyFIixae9DiEhvmQh7TjYqEv9dvFouQto72NgB~nPnlcTkA~IX4XrM5uoCF9izQgRSbET7JLaZTtFs4F6~7l8y~hOtgDI0f59r3Xex8yiSts0mbFLFS~vUUhM46SALF00OmN4Ar-lz6cLSjU8G7lxMqXawqQvet7aUfSZelxXqgKxAiLdxxaF-Zp2M3dqql2farMRiZyche8lnm~N~3yY5zFdj3q8noP7Rzn6sZrTvFlUTwKP~lxGSq~XlJxlmLGVgdXbUqAEW8onqy0t2CvZ4DudVYEEu7~xqeXMND-yCudYweY1UcuEop0oQvigacPeq1t5eknWSOl2-5av55bE1R8cKhcgoP~DEbl3tISyLBQAEAAcAAA==
# mcloaca.i2p: rtejcnzjwxpgytytyku3hxhi3kk537brb5uhg7dfegu5nmupbzvq.b32.i2p
mcloaca.i2p=rvC3Hmq4-w4~XEdGX9hhQ-sPjcM9yt42suRFAZrbqjcEfS15J0Crc2MXB2zSKwVILQDyk82OqagHyDpD295mZqUPtKqF0vhjEaOY~c9PR05yrsy55I5MGDdNDELJbsuFtoaJv0cQQLt1HPz56dFbZVj3dyEa59Gheqklapkf-PvIwH6dm4VkfZLZ3uHv7TUrGLtw-HVy3T8iXTKL2HSdcGjz4YO7wWGXQ~kgv2pD7zMxgsP4iso00ejt88EweXOFvHKPP-h-PI7gB0VowK1l8c8vPemXhgy2RG12g~y1s0ovjfUPltrERhpDXKv38auu-aDD8MUbjzCbK2xc8GAHMkJ3XShM24GYJcnp8QD0QQRD~haqw1NGImMidSxyLqqai9ILJB9YoNRe29ETXcjcbEbk-xrWmSNKewcy~QwLRktJfNOGnNXPq9xgXJrFj1ljBF7Iul9vNqmYpwPPg457sKqwNyqH6DF3wx-mcYu9WBlOS9a7oYL7V-g1NGL-nDhdBQAEAAcAAA==
# mdleom.i2p: ggucqf2jmtfxcw7us5sts3x7u2qljseocfzlhzebfpihkyvhcqfa.b32.i2p
mdleom.i2p=-NjUAy6H3wkgRfB3rBwGrpS56L2P~RHRDnD8HnRV1mLSKFdbzxHTMsGLo-mdgGq360Kni2Ec0qhRzm-IUc8X4Y0Ug1eYvcEp2ubXwLe5JJg7yZJOdGxqdy5y5VbdHfIuUe2ooG3MNA4v6b4pGk7pUQ7hnTkUi0EObD~79ik4AY-vSsxIFrc8kJxtbRMCQ3NQRhAuvS1A14rSVk0wv50YwKS23y~FUIQWyG8ZpjTVYu50n~oBnJtVKSAHbCMWRcnJx6iGFsbTRh4ZsRtDh0drwfeRkvaQQqQmf6nZOc4-GLxZ0RT5QlS5gdPXL4V7eaIETbNJAIeYr2NzcpwVHs~zp93Ga-p7dlH3TsJX5gJSyqJWCc64vvmkxf7Vseh3uGaa4xqiLjTH5XsOyFQLp5D6myt-yH7ggReZbs70NKqG1Mj5iRLhIC3Q~pJ6LkPnMBJN6QeLNYNWcOPXkMzRfsavvH2l3yxdpkn41BLM2-7bBUdJNXfu4OhGAR22O0gFngjUBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=D0elMaOI33MHInYyCOo-8Q3TmrCLDOJvbBvYOgGWpDbzmQJnjPrIwfZu3KM2yPw9AxVbpYC5FaW1KRh5JXyrBw==
# meeh.i2p: 4oes3rlgrpbkmzv4lqcfili23h3cvpwslqcfjlk6vvguxyggspwa.b32.i2p
meeh.i2p=FA~-QarjN29hh0OzqmdwQV8HldxrjoOQUjKr6c4KQ3XZOjwiAbl7KqQgV1zGXMzWRzyZiKpM8fN0McGZnCK1C7yRguxjBcueGtxR8qT60RO7jTWaSvV5d9ocX0KFqd67U3uhHN95UphcWHm4G75l4om3GCQebNg9xJwbvjUQF~k0Trm5wrVl~XbND-~aIvVGRFappGKx4pfKSNxVJIjMACGG1UUszT4RTFDc6wN49Wujt9WRbFfC9UTTUsWO2waYRyZXaeRyfIRAkYq1jIhqL2Nq~2Gs1NaztwKp8olYv7jX5hxw~prFEKTNX93ZLaezU7YsEuEj-ez~gvoumJGMvyTZjSNQMTbTyCsGbqeEENgyhZkYdlQNqt9OAkp1-ZoFq0YhRGF9bt4EygoHL3DdeSCgummytv3w86M0To-g0S39i7twVPtLsxyoS076uiRADbFVgPfYHH6MBfjiBhxtjhL5eOEbcbgrSDBd6waqEuPdIPUndeEa8Qz-Rovept~kAAAA
# meinhiphopblog.i2p: sg4kgovyacbo3omiptpjfjhqfhopg2cmlr5s65kxltzeku35vddq.b32.i2p
meinhiphopblog.i2p=1dypOfKjLMSHs0NdsJR2bZr3gCjLAtMH6R241AMzEpVTpyiocRdFq5GOwXM0Uld8WMXoopLjRJB9eMuCwtJszOWw6Pi4fhFOwIYfHCPs9nToJKAksjak1excwmtPTT7pBIKB~DuP01Fn~KqXKJ49nzVXvFkmeLghw~QoBaoiSouUH95gdl1kf4ayCX9LHCR-uhKZ-ns6mJrqOiLV-e~TqUZmRhIAzqVtP1pZnARsRKvpdq-oClt8Z2TQ-KtwAQz6D1zXk0dN60DriEyGb-m-RKgO0jvBJNsejvfeNTWdSyDHoQLIEz-9xVgdrIqCKemHZL9bEalFP2EwU7MdCh7Ikb8q8GE2POFUQU4oEwKStgwYwD06~obuSrfV8xJdk6zYC6neXh50Cn4bLGicPah9E7MhH8EyV7rbR1zTfjAoTP~t0yj7aqSa4r6IPolbpDBqJ7tBm3XHTo89ExhdV1rq3kfR8REZvKUdo2VfcldZ7hVkoVEhLAK3VsCcVrDc0ALcBQAEAAcAAA==
# metalist.i2p: wkx64uy4wzstqe3sx47xrm23h5y7g65tjithcfwtb54ykmjlus3a.b32.i2p
metalist.i2p=ofW6hZ0Az~3bC0YZYRs9NArJ9LfBdRXEkZWmAUkG9kx5~BKKi9V2qWw~rNGi6MBtu1eskKV6QZK17TTqBA1jJsH8MvTWDfNkbHfKGcrNYxUygVrQXZif3TTPRbse1Ngk9yVxgAgBhRI77zLSmSZwrwttr0DV25KYbuTWf4BxI3qFkoa9v-W2VtzjueYxdWrJL~eZeI~mc-vOn11E8-LVqjd8wJhM9wkx8V-Ef~KdYRo0klD2eCr3Y-mj3RblKlHZQl1h2O5LYl1cpxZGQPC2DQ9XvGpXyXM6p9R1IcJPfAj0pzkTuTQ4MhV77bbuL3XhFoXpxdQjPsibDaLF5R4Hy6F8DMR5gKUXK-btBB-pT0sPq3cmwFQPXr4tFoNKHfidW5TrVpMxB7KmTF34eWR2hJpO-lbovjyBA8SpDaM9FkhSTxGEDT1IGHPrFoWy45F003fzWaBjq~zLwoZ3i8rAJpM1opWnA2FnT9hTSAMvRsEsZZMXjiewS6TKDAaidwlcBQAEAAcAAA==
# metavertex2.i2p: 4k6h5tsysycyaefvrh7maltvincdx6ugj4t2a37zzyzm4wf4g4dq.b32.i2p
metavertex2.i2p=9bMfixcUQ6yki9QYGk6MOKgy8pKQhOVpKO6mc0dDDC9gwNpnow2StE1W6nu5EEKF7YYDmccUXNVWdyJmc-VYQ~KfAZxZR7UyE6NWXI5d6zzWo3IkCphBrvxWwv8oCIsv7EPdMMF1TEa3JLp0H8pj-qVHM4iPvKqmOeC5f8p2v2r92IdwKQgzr6O1Crs71bX0qKcrZsoc48noVUiBojUIXfq66c5XA4Oi9F-KqAlrWr~~SeDZNDDFHq9AmaBotX1GWrmxAnBcj9-I4J4n-S2PiXXFzXiPNfELVBoW56RnNGsvn6eCk9zyebsaohn6sPPWog~9LISF88riq-lMHokjGj2ZIugFzHSU7A~sNMqEVFUUghp9iC4FhuWoVpqTNDAD9IXrxFacwN6PgMSlqtB8kWhwet8p-a-IWkUPcTjbAEHh5mGTb9EoQtHHJ6mBE2WFESpkQrlIan3oHZ9n0tfbOV7Jixwsy~Hw2-m44Jj0oeDIqVeP27B4bTMFRgPrscFGBQAEAAEAAA==#!sig=OsRNjj-BBMpwPx~bk2Mt~40S8gkw1Gqnm~B06dJQ4nOk~lt--l~snD80-BlwTkbJzDNrtT0HN3aJcdAoPaRJrw==
# metrics.i2p: v65p4czypwxrn35zlrfkar2w77vr42acd7gbszegsrqq4u7sip5a.b32.i2p
metrics.i2p=hAWtiGgfgn57cJuNXkGI45qccoXbHUxy0xFocCc3zWc0kGvsJdQDG33sVeqbu0lA0p8xdWQankrUhosUn1n4BXkpWRXia6NJxcGAq2cg2i05BN1agp9ROpVK5BmVvk9VHjMOxtOqadYP4ycjJPkzSIDtChcXUjxARJnvkTYJzqYSUIMJ~uNF8sVzzis~ty26hYvFv9YhCdXpKA8rNDlAxcLWdtZ6vMrKutQeDnmbt7LDUZMUtkkEsoSjcysi4dXxM~n3HmPzYz16u3lzNSBB3Jcb4C0HjnmgKOzeES-bFmFiQa5tMzvAcsaXqDKab2n7DY7k6vOryI37i2a9iYNzFrHbSIF-YByz12xTRbY0pb~pmKRj~FfhcYFoiQL7mBd6QX~ZRkFpNR8zArWO~2bj0Hls9QBVvTW0AxZ8N0Lei5X~Wf6MQrnGTFZHV-Vp7e16mv3bwOPkicIjNMR-nCr-UivjiMnkffXnVxXnBfJ6RixDFk9M6~SE2QCc1Y39qFBIBQAEAAcAAA==
# mhatta.i2p: o4rsxdeepfrnncsnjq675xogp5v5qkbfgbt6ooqeyfvlifobrjxq.b32.i2p
mhatta.i2p=5naiFmeX3rpBB7HF1e5nqTOt2GIdurwFGizbQKhJp2PRj1NMVHC~OxX8myjs2E8Bjkmpi8xg4VkDMbm8Zhs2vm59amY1DPAqwluD-cthK1Z4kVAnJhTXr7I6hUDdtVTNAQftcO~ZKv5fODQmys5YpRbuNFMmOk5XkpeUvZl9PF84Bzfe4pOo6n7zaqkbjdNP1O9RVJZGUKAlxImzHH8hDiufhDn7OM5IyBuYFEkNJCsLsJXAK17NmDV9t66R4Lu~IqL2ARa9IlXgQJBInYYLos2y6bzti5YnAcUXBkczxKcagsHO1IltNA6Q46Wj2Y3qxBvBc3dP-R5NHmaH4Pj58tIizG4nNIgZtU6JgErKXs899TQhhfH2g9MUubCQ5x2-x46FMlFhlHjrk6-Axr-b0APpqGcDUe4hmNDItV5NZae7-BkB31V1x2bb5eOMN3GGIs-Aa0GYbqy51uzKs8PQL-RehVJy4~nSzLdU2gTo~idYZy6oA2sCVXhRBy7DcKIqBQAEAAcAAA==
# minecraftlog.i2p: vu2v5xnfk4ivrcmjx4fvofzts7fj47jcq23zfpg6ajj6p3ytt3hq.b32.i2p
minecraftlog.i2p=zPg8S0p7iEPTdRPiWA4Js~Mk-2XRwlGBZ1P0FJpP-6C0qAJDJTrrnOyO7i8Ixj7eglHNMj~IFnOn1WRcJN46k5LMvJOm7ypePpMGduaLCF9-znu3nET1G4~CiwxUPBV9Oa64y-vzAsDx-Lj8SFB5K83y8jUMTunXCCI47Jr8cgy1W2Ykaa1Hq2gZ5Tflm1JxWB3SmbndzNBdJqFqYXEpURdA0l4Lh2Of2nYNTKFEgDkoT5ei7H~5qIlpC5TPtWdrn9YfnlcOQnLgOJD6n3KAPycsEeparha5j8m1gm8JnD0bIARtQVE1ijKUcoapwlhLBDUvmFM5bNMsgx5ECuJnx4XZT-J6kMgHvZSbC0lRHyGnzwYJaA5yUvKA7X6snTdOZCqJmJxUSQdsXAkapyujnwjeNf-IDSqhVFovNKPEAsF94pR0SZX2CDIp~kBmtIMemxt2wBpNY73JJiKddgzoE87EzuorQloi31~oRYbF2sdXfhMSD-qT5tEnuyhFdjRRBQAEAAcAAA==
# mirror.idk.i2p: u5ax6mtq57suoondcvkcvcpiizcabkhh2q5ekofjh5r6zpne6vcq.b32.i2p
mirror.idk.i2p=FkE0QIq3YdiepJwvQAznThiuQMwX0J04UM6-G21jxq~FNKtw2cz2bBxtOYF1dhvAtK0a2gnFwKhaTEnpkyFpWd2ZfEfyuqPFLQyO5-ARdiI-z2ocnjVO86oYkmUmYdQP6b~zf~h6TiRDJB71oCNU7cXoDaHvAuSAnYKYZGQwJVyfvs5Hv0sNrPRVo3ENwHEblHkUC6MtgwXOjz0KKWIF71LX7ZD9noyLxFSBz0HQX1~cS341hkxodTvVskNkQoHyK9OrhG2QXpJIDEv6UswwX2rpcjgi~973G4xiVaOAiFmP81zNWp5aimPnSCwTBeu0DAX8~omep8hxNUWEDajpiRvFJEv7-I5oqHXAlzpOIiItt4f~nWsrH0Z26Flkq7-437fW8~1EVh7sJCmglm8pAVgGZc-SD30E4H~A6os98xH5gJPrDpxLc~LoIdjy-l55jCfSaDpmx4xBhIkgzPt~2Vafpd5YF55diEFxS-tKqU4auwgyAG006ISl1DPribU2BQAEAAcAAA==
# mirrormy.i2p: tbxczhirmyaueix5ptaaduamyes2rxh3tv4ie52u2a25jj2x2hsa.b32.i2p
mirrormy.i2p=pFgAEpBkraYFmeHT8Hr7ezGG9MzNd1XKpOiuLU3vamB8fIDiyFObh1v5kk5rUx1Ik36oUnabdmCpecOGpzEI4FpcmwZSbJOMCYfNzKV8-MmGQiVT5s5Bvj5Z3NvMG-14n4Wm0Yql6MQxncRkMxUf9wKf8PeKGU~MebHEs~XQ4PnFEgK0nGAzgzaPUNI2tBdgoiJwro1MMGgo0ebWZ9UoHBBMAxx9IRqOGagK1r8u-bjCOmnK90Jkhi8IVbnslDs~UKxKqO4BGOV3bbXj0nO1yPHfHWPmQfMCI79fwRpCcDOla8WhugWmRw143cQZHUM16xM1vHhCIPk4RSZEyKmxJAPypdqldC3NbWjzQThMcwIj-3E4fY6IpUvge2aAvG9BfaZmFz3xnYAaZYGSvGzQHH4kPCwE8~aUQQhuIRgcKZ8I7GrK2ReVdctaWS4i0KjtE--Hhnp1Fr80FYI7-OiQgxgjtS1nCJgzl95TCNOjkvlmhfRy03dWM5vdtxB145ddBQAEAAcAAA==
# miyoisomix.i2p: rtv5ufhxasszywdh3oelqrc4yg4kirtirglub4h3mwovwig624eq.b32.i2p
miyoisomix.i2p=4Zb7SvT3viLcqfXSZqyfsxMkzo1jnCYSXpyDdUmDew99HK97DEejrgavb9iCejK9tVchbP~mf5-06P4XLt7EpckjyRPs359q7mxa~hvXcMe-MtIqobkYNOg1K-mXFn-ELr9GM2pMJ8BNKKLGPF-aCj2fr~0uqXvf31OuIokH7HG3Yzv0p~r19cK3poGYxy2rFnWCeIH5A28a4TMGdwCKJWLxQtDTbzqPC4FKORERyyLQaKxcoSWHo2O4iqvJZTJfUE0nQufN0V03XCdKizSsPgfFPIrmVyeXifYeTdLp7pfBBbAgq2jbhxbKocnc0miclYyt9PbDxS4Ok3YwoMiDLz9wMDM~1~U80md1T5qDptW3-RojyPPiOX4r8fyx8cr5y0yyBlOcXCIf7525FmynTswebLGCW0lSvVBlbmEvAS9Ftqbk5TqZ~DRMZTMq-tLeIkPvEz2Bfof4oODiQ4xrXF3eSvJ6cV9kJ~7xA3IC7pDnBRFANpcIGKyZ0moCzTl3BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=mjsEWQWEbiZPzJeh8E0ghOFp5Bu6S8Yc-Z5asL1R2O-WG1-kzmtUaUDDW5zfdbztaELcZFmTag4R4VjxJnaxAQ==#date=1562866004
# mk16de.bandura.i2p: rrllz7nkoeaydqzc5tqdexbfpkvensi26nqg3ly3cxrm5qt6m5sq.b32.i2p
mk16de.bandura.i2p=l5wHoxUKbk-fqy-IgKVPo4nYwPFGG1yFrzKnWgIgd7RWRztJUs-GNTSOYRP-xTi9L7DxTFM0Sfs0b4Zv5Oc~my8fsNK3otjRMEopAxIUFkNgn0yXtqGHZgYmWY2CynJy7vsZr5fTsDX8jR5gG6-CK~s7uirUMMIjVTEMYCAuRAYmY7k5XQHaxO8kXAO18RgT00AvIkbPUZHvN6TTlX18HT~oWCVp6GN5WRGBObcrR9VoNOhPI7fHrzEkhAwAPFbvxtlHSqOzuLvdXbURKnOnLBNEFbKdEIkUebbxyOvlYKZQBNrq3VYfEpTWJu~ZWSZCqtobbah-weo-xrJ4kWHVZJjpEuB0eXlpJ-m8g7pZPyRVXylbKdPZGuo3omSwwj7Ay6MM5KLq2Lm0f5GIeCWvL43pgLe3JK4m5ddZciZ1pT3sBmrg-Y5vQEabzkG7Utrz9IbvSUU0igFjBqDkoc0O48dXfGFpS8hEupr3VTjz8b4Uuql1FvB0ex8AYFZBUrjDBQAEAAcAAA==
# moneroauth.i2p: kt6uh4z24tendrol5zbm4wv4apq4nbv4w7k5vcguvbpg3alrqyxa.b32.i2p
moneroauth.i2p=ItsRLntOywf7IQebjFJuF7mRJTf85q2L3N4XV~Ai-9YLLgDsSHmCqInY1xy75klKiRt-3ROOyScpWtUfIMsWo0wCt8V2aYwo7NlV1sFpytlX-HwNZpxkNWCgkfE6jhVQ907dPjJMUuAyuPD0bw2cb~~OOFawuLaT1xPOghx~A3Cwtqli84kZNZJTenslSSpgj4IpiQCv2TxtsjCFp1ISVcWxV1cQSYi8SCdWEsHNydDlaziUHLrE9RRngR80-n6O5vAIayWCfFGde--O4FXXpkEPLqJ4Gsb-3NbAMRc3pcXkoClh12ffpZJwHQtdEf6nh9VJc9UwDIxSpLmDxNFF55BJe4I92rMY~kKfD9gjrRSRYfluoBdpHqZLlExykhDr8gdmFSPQedGNp4j2ETVnPjA8UFLO5qzAqMW25u3yR2TjRaJ58y91PDOO11d3ezZPJJsA3d-WDjF90XDlSbcAQ6w32ewTZC2NJmbFfSuQHweJxkQBs2lYXCGzMRwbeO3ABQAEAAcAAA==
# monerod.i2p: fjvlhyxejnssd5yjxqvom6nooqjdrhd43umxnzw33h2nqzhza5qa.b32.i2p
monerod.i2p=0r6j6S~U6K1sQsgPL9WunvDS19he7bnsFT7~Vm8gd9gEhfZxBKtvGDMizHnD2jxIbevMk0Pfduqjk9EuJx-tGggK0WA28b0KH3FkF9AazR9HtScM5M~U60VcGk2xC08xTx5soI7iNoCQwBpXwjKXeglsmHXG6vczcueX4YZUjjoZDqKkBA3fsck5wzFvnOUdvdLL1vCX~MWlQiXYrC4CBSlRyvsX7~TzXf9VGBKGXShLgaGWA5J0pXAmQxdtxgI-uwQ4Q1InyMFoAGyeuVdMkNouPjxgrg9v3vW6mTsS9QxCukrGk13W08SK9bAFjlXnRLt08z0GQ2ls5MdlAnjSvtUys81Qmvwdmyd4tbENALVGL-h4u5-oMaU2fqgQEdMbPXIHdTX43QFct9dfS0n8gJCiI-ztpGQ-Y8lqvpH9UuQ1LrJO5ai~T1kEF5W6lCR2CV8v13Juoc4VxQsmGIe771b9nNhnZ7gDVbfEDbu9-Gfv-3b60d5MeWq7ot9iygsvBQAEAAcAAA==
# moneroexplorer.i2p: je4vbduigce7pgjivvo26d4abn3u5mfsos5zemp3a75xzcv7nm4q.b32.i2p
moneroexplorer.i2p=30SVNX0O1WZXjtZ4Jj6DGCdpL7MvfmXaVfks-6qacU7MHNO2yuQU4OPOFSbebKnz4tJ9nAlMd2aMWsVppaeH01RynqhG-TY144sgypYwXSdEvVjBCCnzMe-sYE0Kx3T1A2pYtCZ-Sec36oCVppJCXR2xNSucSYVZMxF-vD6zmahX8QEQxk8YI3ISybdQeVJsnehaLuUMhy6iGidG8LQ76Os8QKv9QYRpW8pxQveWoEqXA8OL~OEoyrtmi6sjNrYcKgSH6JRqaQ70H2JWJnJtDr5WBZxdaHDw-vpEl3AlfQU9TQVgqC49f3CH-ikEzbvUpRAF0TF~RQ2Niv1NF~s2FkTzWUp7HAqyrDib9h2tr3S5v1yTebj77m0M-NSJf-zlgkIk--JqAAsyO8q7Nem7Wejw1eO3EKVgl5vnRHIjWDqvw7g9vloX30DJtjL-qq6uWDsA7TUSz5ESf1JTxB9vd4iS5MtRTQcnLllWe5YSxlgMRIsXQIKejEcthpsIdr7HBQAEAAcAAA==
# moneroismoney.i2p: mimwwwoynipdspsuukrsl3yypm2w2tixxv3m3pvn6sjotrolnvga.b32.i2p
moneroismoney.i2p=N7W4NnhawB-Mtbr-MfDNkO0k2AbJvRQ3DE35fovpyP6FJisiQOlFqlLFGZokWO0Y9as6kqkhV07asXcgv2Cr6KZbDSArNFo0HslNDfzodE8wpJ6Z-jVFzl8KXV795hM3JKOPDe~E26NrIyuVyKPWyA2lNh6T8VdWIXMXYLPUAjMg2ZL6NzTeWDstGHOc8YDfMzSmZljVPd2PzLqBrlvVB2II0fIpZdfSue8gdvCLET4J~~lNaewBgw3KkZj~qXHL~o9t7ilwS6jnOJWiKHdB7Wmtxm0L4FEN9xUHpE2nwvs6o~QGAa3ESYNF8ag3298DoLW6NrVx7R-2dXl6ai4d2y3k6o72~3grXEuM0Y7rH-rvWHFPNgg~vgHE8hP7Ag8SCbdVfZf5ZNyY2FNKr6knoXLYoGpS-iX9oaPWk2Lh5T8DVHqu0OVDchCJ4JVe2mSIxyOAlGtPAXejKi9d2s1k-Da2JV7jXlhy-p5mhZk~-Dm3JcKn50806Gsdj7csKYllBQAEAAcAAA==
# moneronode.i2p: monerowuxsxhpheusjfgjdmwnaq2wq57b3wc6jh5whqxow4sbiia.b32.i2p
moneronode.i2p=9IGvQN58v399m7LayeA2bPKxU~-9leSX7-T8k3Nl7V71WVoDXhofLJOcT0HhS47vMzkAMVxuIAHvPbcclCoG-1z4WaFhe7QnHvHdErNvlZSP28D4LANOZYKdukbFxDDj4dGwJCVl~lKgRzFvG2K4cF7TTxtNy7r~m-5cfJawN-VhJBmey0gOqlid9v2nS0f5~uMs870r0chjnv8K4-LPyTX~rBXTwaFzRA4pgJZqvxBjFWdwFtf258-xpBVEVEGThcaDBmj20FcaJ30PZbvEMx9HI7vILHwe841HEVi6Zd6Ijg708gCaIihM81nF9W44NIiAOVKm8JUI046Lpy4-va3u7L5CL2irF~BGm3M2OE88WRWfnMmm2kEXHm7N4NOJMRX5IxoImxsfTuQbqWW7Ba2EVvi9UUKNrFcjUKDw~Mn3X~k4YxAzeEsZgya0QaN7180G0pRsPgTO7edXG4ykg196KR8zJlPnGdmGPk-2TJAMESzO8n6YN9-ws9zCinAnBQAEAAcAAA==
# moneronode2.i2p: moneroh3ffodaniibij3axl4j6kix6d6zk7l6pw6qcao2m77jyoa.b32.i2p
moneronode2.i2p=0aIlQDoi3OIwc6TVmvsp6D5m2E1goZwagbtbWJ6zRtbwLfnnyUDHem7cGvSglLSLxUvBqpz4FqO75j27-mGxXYEYMGJOr1Kx8ajMqQZdplR~fGscvxZf8a7fx0Im~eHdn8xZ6e96s0ZAywc13KW-3swnyArX3gfqPCuyBWcv964BPTTz-Ssj9ljbY7RWACnZ623UnlRzbHGL-TR3WxHtZyFWsa2TMQi-6NftSwOvnVqyofDWR2s1OLYleFKMPiezmFsnA0b2ibqCKRZSqpCdYyR7e71MON64P6UiOEtoQtvkU4WaozAypU~x7-TeOzeZ0QZ3z751iyIcV0k74q9~~1a7IndUs00WG-I5r~JpZW7gLCKkHeaVOtOKKjDqNDP9aCDUxJ1BmQT5YdsmVibiQrHfRlFrZ1dSkBv2qShgFw3NHcFDFRAXDVlb4kpn7iWOgvKkjEVCypEyLMEbD4vYc6bVojxJIspH9OvCXSlvZgP1tZSVDaHVMrlRJnBHla1rBQAEAAcAAA==
# monerujo.i2p: puri6y5dtwh6zr4u77ep6ozatun6iz7v4wai2dzxppz7654corlq.b32.i2p
monerujo.i2p=59u~3NQ9sldSIuT9nZEz4cQk4X9SYxfg4k38qo-QWeAUk38NAp60nQg3YjGkwXN14N676U5NAzrQKyQj4cF8GcICJuP7t2kSZRCkHuPlD12FG7vHdMystCviTiUBhxNqePUmKaaUTOpLdJv0M1pd9wE-pICxdHx1~Bn-r28bew9cZZvtwzK8Bx~b8V8kwi2JEy1~c6WGulNuJVVZdoMTKLUtm5~T-7CWxj0J5l~mXcRAQJ5DaTn5nWheO2RjDnmJl9de5hGCyML-6Ix2q5V8zHGJ8R4k9oibwRpMP9VM8BHVqxhSpJg7aOwG3eKqRNjBVoPXNSwjeFZ2b5LF16gFrQzEimWI1cLuFmJYsDQBUrf7pc-UPwTnQQYZob5Uy8uwGj3LqE93r9jhbxdElAY1rX04mlBdS5mi7I4R4ytYKr7sYMtpNnxjZ98PfZzVs6ZJo6bJKlMlQkuaUdMT9U7HwU6Sl0bD5iQ6tg0JZgWXnFzz0aOiG9ERNOWIxuH~e5eUBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=lVl904jhsepHLSwCN8YHSMezHSfO10U5TEIlLclD9JgiZ0Mc-iyoE1GwZm2D2k0vw35b5MsOB5VOCqrPkFQKCQ==#date=1535893425
# mooks.i2p: 6txhjmnxnrjku4cmdwtyacjzhwythc7l5euqaxieyrc4vjotqwzq.b32.i2p
mooks.i2p=hgiobvevibv~mgaBFdk~Gqrh9pB~TtITHwGUvLuDBcChJg1pIKrCbrzwWLSrYyRfX~EPmumvRF4ES99GESZneIGzo50LE6Y1uLxKuV6Rdxx4QORWVwn8iE-ct30~ylXAARJ5gz~eizm~0fPMtatBo6bZL5YkZ2y1Yz-IVuf4hTR31DiZuYTENQfcqTdlVHtrYa8CNpYEpOb~tBKcc4SOHDsRgv3w5Lb8YwlVR4osEkw5xrBwff-QY7ukQjFrE7lsos4Mud~OlJVpw0uqSlw6zdCIm1H~6M10uOApXaP7v2QsEAYOITOTWlrSpS0L1jTlu6dDZ6CCZSfLyPDmy0U0PlUZG7T~sLYGaZOOMZdHCRGYlgMUyEVfxF1g~vzu0qb4W5n5O5KsXyNZlc-htGkm9q~F3UorM2a9hcoE3xMRheH8ojcHe3puWX5POVnogwSj5AbKh-1TNuMQaElvG3qq7mXN07ul1t4REJ-BTjr1D4fRB2-MfpqAAd8bE47NDrUYBQAEAAcAAA==
# mordor.i2p: 4ms6d7shqz5pa2u4ml2z44tkd5mex6ybbqntu26cii3k3ldzi2gq.b32.i2p
mordor.i2p=WYk6XF1AnYIHhNNTFVzGw8IhDa76a2rBeE9q3hd~fu4b-Xee9jpqGXZMFMaEs4F5G5AB~YJVTE4YLML20IqPlX1pL2nbkgvlGIvYuGkqvLJNt4NQ938qU88o-6kNtF6qfx4o3ZeRx~0J28p0PJQQAPFEurwimhmZSJHUHTh3zgZrWaFey7NojgOgr0c8kRpy2jrLKknys0A46tc75IBHQu-KEjrIYlu~L2QKY6s4uzTx06J6sQiyHT3-lwZFgS2TUmHHuFCz8FKJXzLXb76XICW9THlwVtVRhrR3JDn5vk-8D4P8wWFnBcE~WSCHVklU4YQ6dPvgoQl1DSocvE-72zaP5g1kaoGFYAH7FBkQo51WqsKGvYrMRM0Hku09wZFCGYs74PtC3DjFp1xv9MMkXq8GShqSTrbAdXNZjQF3XXVrpC8aXNo1LYCWqWKQnVTsUWPq-gOOYBOZS1Xi4Lb1cXBFoL8dUp~56SOf-gQ8ftjxqWWhmkzKrJkNNSj93DniBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=4zWdSuMzty5RxtkVfDlSbf0yFQGaMn8lO4toSkCuOd~qSkjmn-gWwevztMnqYRku~5cq~gb0XgsX8EYJCGREBQ==#date=1631212712
# mosfet.i2p: s5ynkgagndmpxpf2kmnenv4x72io664gzd2x3qef54ilammnte3q.b32.i2p
mosfet.i2p=zADgixl~iNqxQyKEWAVWUHoWcyDx7Mwk-gLgvr64W3Bl6tPiwDySSKt10gXIElar2eh1XEJCMy-j7j-NFXl-WxRE7lQy8DrTIBVMetFhYmPVmhYQcBubxqT5L1e8Luon-jvgCTLArElMilauG6HP6h9L5lTjAZZRBkGLfiplfHEYWvLsRiI2R9DfquF4EfpNaJyN1CDclQ7Apola9cYmW5s6Tzdyl2FeVd2vo5ne1VdatgPoEwpvNjf9CJuQwqgiVI34wIV3dY92OpiZDhIHKGl1FLs3Ke5vvzdZqceyBR3EkoLifrD5p5TK8JXYzM9C8xV0vD-aaWI1genoWoyhJ2ioMKbVZAQMMqKHyUcP5Q4AHqj0c8DXzVWCSsJN1LOg30WLdMLmLnshiogIO70D~hXvCsSzE3T5krpQOzhreotZlxyhFC8seYDF3nsJuEpHEXm4aZvUsuBmr7PHemlelfP9Qg-Aaj2s~lHb97OAXA5DW5uPc1pkDnSHnPPlDorTAAAA
# movepoint.i2p: nx2uzyxx7424cwj6vmrekjka4hplvyq53oljkzqbkiuzghmi2ayq.b32.i2p
movepoint.i2p=ESYVU0q-cbog-u1s6vn6NDZsb5lUPgNVMaLarYmkDjyYJKMe-cOqwbDeUcht3lgpupowEQg5NW~ZkNQANWmm01fJ9a2rQcJAEWsNKB83ADwbs17swfcs392AoYx6nFBfWE33HYZyHyA555qovxQXoBN5iQBuYfmpLJFoMqB-bHt4q9E-3FmSo7gzJ9dCDpcEQsZSj7mb2DQY2vlD78JN0XB3yczwiOZKHuGo9YOELYVboA5E4rfgh0H4mGhVGc3jt3rwmG146atl6n2IMGxfDO3LQpk76Dy~dREN2H~ORuAM4bAnZGvPLDNj2Fn8UvIsRdFjYkiu1YQVt-jp~96zioH8vFrjjNP4yAzPfkII3fI4yPRgyEmrShaqEVDeiAoyqFDGNDaSYEqBeEF1VZzv~PP7mYY9fgr9lD7o~8Bn-CisMJD099k8OwZbYhYhFw5FjuJuiE0-AGFPV-RFY1uSX0LhwCK~jMoAnBxqpiWi7Sls-cox3bZ4vIZvoVsKGAZ6BQAEAAcAAA==
# mtn.i2p-projekt.i2p: f52x5fp6uhq53f5zle5d6rq5un34xgmxgazvilvmzcby37xcmsfa.b32.i2p
mtn.i2p-projekt.i2p=I6Ha4I7rgR0JyExQnN~4sZz5CfRqdN7o-2t1i2YOExd2CxC4MHHz3nJ5KgBIqeNa0dZbugwMEYMWneXAf8nuy9RKUrjcDvGLqScuU8QCpG-e7UDR8lNregfaOwTuypBQiPh9nrc86Zc2JXyTv0eG3T5Yl1tydqs3qEz5w1vn64uRCrGLEMsnGMIZ4aXexseL6McW9ObIQ0qOIfRG9kc~3~bpD9UM4G04BXPZ1Ao5MUjGoQyxlaNCt1DrvAYcrRArzvv0QGyPjb6HpHLlK2UIoR6SumRuNYpEXCaqbXEnEicx1kB5Pyhcwm0cyaMCx-ZaUU-F1~23VurE41xNMbq4GwXtev4bVP4ycHGHjH-XYJmKrqnesIEp7InSAWfm0gdDHuy9377nSIyAhGLLFlWKtzrZPiKm57SN4~BZSQIF6CI4JutGa0x9EaO8hvzFgaYKgwS~a7-YuZNfx4VHEF2J34DrsJo4qetdPTWTKX1o-ztMP6f7DpWjp4JTKb36YstvAAAA
# mtproxy.ilita.i2p: vxxfipsygx6jpz57pmb3d3mjgsk5ls2idxeo2bffs3yp62muyq7q.b32.i2p
mtproxy.ilita.i2p=dlJBeNxVHAzj7AJO5cph2Dz09UJV1SiAlPUkgQNHUVGaMwKLma7pYcwOO1rJX1QkKB08ZZ3BVV2dxs26Y9W4ubY1TE6OaZHKd1xJu~h3t1xLHK1-J8sNzbRRhfsW4P5LvX4ks8R2cewa7GRO6RFHtkus0bxWTjv4tL22PXrtJ49TT05IbbicvfmnpEIsLkBI8So8CjNupKE-RLE-5fdqTJy7msfHRiDZPaGMbRXzzfGnA3SKRiCYgAJTO256a9SiicFtuQesRuRpl7r7a5uNB8rQVZXaA0M0uAdvYi8jL8JKRbFVyusOk7o5wKm9Bra-9OT~ZGvFpoXnXnMMcsvhqUn-hDRolfqhG9s-VDwX9Yn2AHK0d9dCkHugv-aqPfT1H8dPUEUVmqCxqoS0m1-S-g5n6fBbLSf3qhCGU4ThzCpnMYS2Joew6pp6BeCSOk41aR3sK4rPk2L5751Dbb35XpwHrw3bcUcC8Bg6Do4GLRrTNbzpy5vnmk-IcIkAOAuwBQAEAAcAAA==
# mucats.i2p: 4vjquedemoznbsva4j6wnr7hyms5k3gwucmxgcnwcwweontbcrha.b32.i2p
mucats.i2p=nzRcxstThdGp5Mlli-J2AxJb3TCDAWe1o7fSmLHaFoeaZXQIfcsVxrONTIrby1H~bqhmBxRx8yQYBqCb4i-52NByXD-jLBxAjJv9r1o8iJ~02dMjK~jobjsmIKeIbfGn-bOUeX5soYkIVsXGP9NGfySWsRjoHMonAKhrjaJWOATpc8pySyt6fMUiZ8DhbMBbfmU2n7j5X82Q5eFwCRF4wq85ItTVXTfMg266XDyd1nuf9G5Gv~9j3gp4cSTN8NZYS1NvVLqtGZHxanMCt2u9iom25byUoODEW7UIrd4jEUWY2KBb0y5-zYbXqWQU2rTQQpTRaJnsWRLE8h4NMOyM4CgNqyUGXjpPwyZjLx6rfM0Y-ynnU87djazdd-B06chyeK55x4RZxaX2vuLiwFVvlcY~N1gZocVlxDw8NEjanAmxBpnnJL6lGvUhvDuAXIjDAjl8m9QNNPyXXUANNdHSVa7TJpDMJ~Lubzauba0yVqsuyBYO5Inh3LHMFq4O8oe5BQAEAAcAAA==
# mumble.acetone.i2p: plpu63ftpi5wdr42ew7thndoyaclrjqmcmngu2az4tahfqtfjoxa.b32.i2p
mumble.acetone.i2p=SfaDyTDtlzD0KcThcemW0I5sqlmFAa2jbFVvQbGJz1y1TEoPwINB72gOTrQ65baakPlsALl1UDfu8V5LsIJ2BEkNLfx0k94Ve4eEBfSWf5it2p4t5HQwnI7SpN~B0OZEGlGgdY8Gw00P8gh2nos-jbM1xccE76CMENSloineveU-mBNKsDtefvWEH24F9AlPIdtjsejJiBMnhn4KJiGE8F-z-N1kK3z7dIAY22XKeu5mJ1EZeP4oozQbn2NPRZNIwxJawm1yJf~0o6wS4hAV9~1bysOMlr40ygXcAcis07NT5NWt7PMyn8wPqC8pQJntDN84QL~Yn7l9HBTfLtGAPnIQadaurxh4t-eBPqpTu1Aie9s0hl-8fVsss27NEJUxjZL2qXTz0uXv1Vvwc87LPOB2oRW-Blm5ZyqZNZeskVsU9wP1eSLdsQ-s5mqpyLm3y62tguIjE2hr~XQ52CFr8YPak3Niq5ci39S6P6rs4kitLJLVRnQ~oJSPl3pQYiQ5BQAEAAcAAA==
# mumble.chudo.i2p: 2xoqoq5pdwqabm2xhkftcqovgx7h56w26jmyoqlqh5zlntq7njda.b32.i2p
mumble.chudo.i2p=nEsBA267e1xvGO~phxYAyndrmD4zq-JT2GuF~bYiaJBIl9fez4uVS3lOCg8BPLAyCTyKg9PXaBQQ7m2PGHxDAzZlY~sSYxy2ULW1aOgkpLbYvBGI4Dod0cEbu7jUcjwSEal4f1f~Q2bUfahAhCozX6t6bkrwihIPk58MDnY~XBhDdHB2lY~b2d8TFBP2ncq1KrL2PpARVOHys12mSK~NHfBGncM52mVfu5-gYmqGI5PgW5FQC9CIpnqhqh8t~4sL5py6zUvvcO1-1TpBOGZlzPwDQJrf~TITkCgXeLHKeXhFjH-lY5HrSKf2AkjctG6kUfuqp4scZD7VUTVzhHlFJLIrmYqA4OLCDXYULv6aPX0EL6AsAPjU7NGlfnmZwCJQoh9CAL5XLhzkxLlSG67ulxJuEPVJ-jnQskItM9Rn6PvH0xp24B~JrpM64XxxWfHA2~9QhMoXmjihZUo6xZSsTyCdHJa5f-83DqdfrJXtZjRAWKykOYocw8h7ZH8A3x3WBQAEAAcAAA==
# muwire.i2p: c3r6by4k4kzbx7yvq36u5rieuymshuq2pebo3dzs6oovpzn52uoa.b32.i2p
muwire.i2p=sf98w7aoGH1NrWWTaJWn~6vb-vh5X1I7Zp4dDH6l0b~MOMxYO6ZuetLKvMZEu8bv6pwTVtj3iAI7MMTyWP4WEzA26GcsyisioU9dn0qnkd0-BEspjHzvvzLY6~r8MomY7wKwO9HuljiqZ5wu9oynxVn-NajxKmxoN359mAHJV8hM8J6BqtudKf3OyhT25HVyjiFH8s~g7Kbxaqa13J30k2bCY7slt3-hDIn8UNXQ0LZ8tuLRHs9SducPb4qmnOoZuNSK5x896sSOeyh80gmI2AbjVlal5baEIWGsmK6qypoPKUX-H-8m5gxo~l6DdHWXXaMcl4jZbscxKftxShJwKMFkvjFa6vGqL54IsRDfkTJ9MvdvX2RjSrxpMjqVpmsdZZdYH~HxHzKNv8-BCr4pD2NQJjo~4DT1qba1RCnuiFtFRfopLcHJsFtaqJBZbnj8mD9lEedxej370Zy2oRfbkYIfZIozh2l9TYyJfmr03uBpfOp8TKbqmtRcY4EWvPctBQAEAAcAAA==
# mwowm.i2p: ibgndqu62yej3ymufibtofrkxv7u3ounl47zxji5splla5l7aooq.b32.i2p
mwowm.i2p=gV1pu0ZubCYPuQ0kMNFSDsRo1iSdUAzcOrqu23y0w3nAuJ-YXEjIE3XVThDDbCC0UKg8fLseJ9XjgJQ55DL4-M2qX6fJjfPGivRre4dAS1ckwF-dmA4tL~F7NejM3dCWcxneQAHUx1dHSGy3yILmi5BCzcXLriZ-CX8zV0EcymPf-sTdh8BDj6c3eaI3v8~Go-bK0RnuPqE0u81voontjMQETuWQAkcsSbKwhGNfRMnuuZZZlEvH3t85LTXXq1pA~nweS2gOKAg49t~2ZmFVycehXo9x8EJ6JPOvX5gNhCYKmqhvwt2z9AbVJDbouoc5PcbcEDmlyIzmZ4xYQNHmdU-HHKV4eujIkRsJVIESB4r0LTjTfDCqjpOWKJ35jxD8d7oSy12w4zbvmg5n8GPIRieJc3utHGToeP3-qbHeo99-yQi2o81f~qS2CUp8-wlsMxytJDrEccyz5WJL~LlgvDUpXnCD9kW3zaiTkiNY5wHXgjBe7eskAEf4qcdLsPUeBQAEAAcAAA==
# mydak.i2p: g2zjahusvy6j7id46gx2acqnszm6fu44wa6x7l6bke7se4fuh33a.b32.i2p
mydak.i2p=uya7WLOh6a3ocOCbUEbjS7AXg~5UgxIiWmmmza~K0mKvhbRL6vXT9JaXUwLdPpkjWsGLAa2gcLqXdnzXBCbEQ9J7rt904a7p~6zlTNjGWJDwROAd~RQ2ZuN4mfpyqsWpkMHOro~xboFDMoB~fb6ti1EtHRRLl8D1QNmCPaxL2K329R6ePsNGRN~WnPC0CtxK0r9CLduhOR~YR0Xlt0V3YbYk8E6gSz0IsP-qhqi5GPb2TF1GRc8CGx~z8W27urzlpyYPksyrGf5arBPZhuHC-m~P1DsCYEAjxNRYdhkIZmyQrCyUN5K0fagbs-WpdBhlwJl0oi0eCgLD2BwNoggvVTWNuc2WngRRaanktHA7e4moFPSxCgC1VZr61nQW3JLZ3cnXRYNp8fAT3RHSKIUbVEb2~yhCZUgGd3fo1oHaQ2osoFqmWQBDwdmPRP~uZZQ1EEOcanOz3F4gcsCn33tKjV4IssCUOObsRwbPDipsWmuVAz8QZVpuSuV2Ymr1FquyBQAEAAcAAA==
# nbtm.i2p: 46iitklpnxzl7eeqweq5xq7nc3vcl2ll7wudpa4jcyyeahvfrgta.b32.i2p
nbtm.i2p=-3SLM8wPyZL21GbewgUs28UBVbnqqTN6ZP2KnN7dAUr8949IW1BXP9Ueh-uIJBNhm0LSu3eMtL1ZFJ427KL87K7jtdzXZUpVwJULWGvhm-HbzzqXd85GmoHdPKt-2zvxk2NGIvuAQ3OnAQZBdIMBpTrPDKvXADIVQhiAKi3H~NuNjtOV6kXxvMv8u9U4WRnfgRJbjQPdpHUJhfYouF2xFzU~EbtPCjWilXnozLnLd4ev7PnSo24M6brlBE51rBr9De2GjrxAqq5JqGoiRmQBIssWqh9MvyGa3Ah9ZPv4pC5770hgWzMLjwjOg1eW2Djj1igv5hrGxcJ34zc6RLuE6IYUl21ezdXejpTr7mgfWfhtxrfai82BfoR~p8OiDFaeW8UQf7Q3ljskCJfe9osT~6eWNz5Z5Pv0heIe8ImkvWS0aichahP47CQjp-oDA9jJcLIfoZUDNZIy~TXB79sswFbEQV5~7GxtmK2DlwKesRmjXBSwMG3WUNrK0zNOEZKeBQAEAAcAAA==
# nd.i2p: r2al7m32cg2ypjcny627wkoiyanrasmorub2wqla3y6gn6rwzzvq.b32.i2p
nd.i2p=RIi-OogWXKmhc2gW38O5BKemCA3XeDjPqrQa7GfdrH8Mt4FDyxus56qvbbZEY9QqMoZAHsP0ewYd0hcmNzTQIKzI~XsCIGmmtzulsCM4noeZl6mTFoMTSsqzhov-uJJZFS3s1fw~vHpO7A7VAjlLjwt4AxjUZIKZC~5qBsF8DHfnTIB4Ac47TIMAJ1H2KCFXv6e5YY9-NHnih0v6CsdGEeM4a24icEMouleEGAK-y22Faq5L6eYpeNTr~tWS0tx~tO3-HPRGckHHtrhn22EGDizGkop8VbIaM5-bV4FcroiNPeTg1rzUbDxxIZjAx-HkT1265kLb9K3NwXTE~LujYbi3OZtlPgNcDPp~JAzDcrax3qyrK7TLzJFm-A6aWpR9Kc9RDeooK-RiHdCFt3mPe3ZInqx7t44zCXRGUgZgFWhM4~FToxUMS1JPtGknXAPbhs3SqLfRoi38ja3vD9TNq25Zx3dLsM2604omRiMfe1OnmLf3KORKArixz79wdR8mBQAEAAcAAA==
# nebula.hutor.i2p: 575g5k3loi72jyq6fni6w3cdp2uoj2g63qowqjbnylbpc6evxpfa.b32.i2p
nebula.hutor.i2p=pD-CjzoHyjeCD3Haf~SOTH2t9tgH-DZPUCH5PhWyduvxMlw7Tu1c37CyRQ1iHYgUKY~9ziA0PWbaArhCRxfiRWoYV4Od26Cwo6HY8N-G8vPIHJC3oTVRrJcXDgUprwTJQh3kH9PubcWYtsUbzmHUvRNBklLYoeg0tqkU1aD-A7aEATPBd5IZs4yS9i~eHzrnna8HqxxIwYHtgX0K2ZejQzVJmk1nb8L29d0n-mryzQ1ijfMGqd5taFfo3UZlf293-OdJkKmKRNVpcrqceZJOxTebwVkCFRAJzDG3ts~ztF7vQWUBtkFKtlMOs04-m612QeXeINBQZPOtxV6U8x~nTjrXwkyr1RN2nS6GnyZHxC~FcEke4ubV8B~um6B9QFZUTwZIDGavQlABI3cDK6bzVRRW0Z0to0609ba~pUp-uZcRcQ2eJwkF1zxj7L0ECsZgvc~q4oICi9Tpn1qslyu2B5-oEEiH5NDWB-ZI1QdfNQsLrCGhx~zPooH8Hi2UzmBtBQAEAAcAAA==
# nekit.i2p: axis6zcqacv7le2ms5xqaerecuk3jyrijifrstvxl3or5g5n4ova.b32.i2p
nekit.i2p=yxWeq9F99UwXpu7lN3R7LapqWirRrAQt3PiAOg7LPlaM69jzIv-WE2DYKDF39~4oRx83-nTuD53WqvQYFRw~1WgYjsLo7Nkge6T~jfbKSO001UqzZLBPkfaG7qIEy-2ifmGS~Gm3DQzvkX~b30k05dzYpVS0ez4lWJvQ9mtEEjC22mn6UHKjXw1-Jf4JaPKLODXspeqvJKg3E86HUUg-7MIrVCheNh1BFCyV-ScYK~2R6jJgAGimjTWqRUk2zLzhU8MnvKEiI9ycspqABbf6Y~G7GRPIYWTdO1aa0z~QslR5hVLjhQUuT8foUlpD8F~4kghlvovscQtoTMBY7ZDegaXo1gvEru~fs3qlrW~i-k2K9LEFIWTEzIhNx8r2UOxKh5xsM4F5X7gqssgV1xeGnwSVn49HaS7HS~AlT8oNQ4IYvC31sObyby7rME7vKNbrTgcVgVECIFWPvaEsCjLyivOiLEH1B57jS93kRvimG2jnBtn~HVXuXAMcoFcpz1hhBQAEAAEAAA==
# nekochan.i2p: dszr2z2swmeczeao2bqgop6fyh34jw5baeiybsavwtihllwa5qwq.b32.i2p
nekochan.i2p=dqITA34YA6g2Wy5K0Onc59ROhjF1LZfQwPMh8t9Y~n24wnvtwgZ7sAq622ZMN4tmHvwCpEoQBHmUMddj33c7d9OFjvOX79yKLgbyxz25L8U4GqaTDRcsc70~DExP24pHJBBaSySB7eXICHmEq0UG1IVUbUD77eohLBwIT-5BMf2j5nV4wuXIFJnuBGH73oX9wzetcsCZ6kllrdBoItJoBiJQq5~1H0Yc2pubdFRSQ7qEN2dgcrTnalIfMJsjWTaqkgvehO8kP3aKSuVSeJw~AIiU5nz78n8bMDyqZSSZjEojqghDMKBi4ZukaPFJ0LaDkY-u2IjPfNzjaHM1YAKCbzMal~62J-TZyDde5hoedPNuByUJ~HIzm65IwTnRMLJU8e~y-qGwl08AwR~yPTtvLaWJ9GIzvT-kxHcIsr2zkdZcwBvojZqkiS7VCMFHEJkTSYbG3mlBwldm0O79tiu3dAU0X-Uj7274RvgMmakL8RVLc-lHLYj4OlwyApQbfugmBQAEAAcAAA==
# neoniet.i2p: jf32pdnofckjvedni77vjt26m6opzzz6ocpkpxof4fptzym56raq.b32.i2p
neoniet.i2p=IrIPnlv2zghJs6XYTGM8uKlfkh5fe5xfAicjzNBk8mwjU0aeYV0i3iCameBzuUoTnxK3eFbW~Kzw~XGeXiUTMep9zH7XKdbt2VKp45wXlkvf8SaQfANsj9YA2a4HVbrGkjpNn-JhA~fHOvxEozeqneCtY-WoozdoP2LzQcumUJJmc1Dpt-LbVbbZMOLacK5IRJkL4nJQPkejQlp0j~ZhpnNy2B9MCmgBjERF8YRmVwLH0-j-VXaxZh9foKhrDwubmP~7u9ulfIUeSeVPp2i2KD3Vga3QwywW05xQrthiOUf41VDoAaOr0~1KAxnY~~5zAl5XOse7odrDG5ov~89xmFmCaxJn74nXlUymwHD5GzVeerIPefKQhZfgLa74xyLq~91-DbUCpqZTBrSuAvDjx5QBV6nyzFPNbfb8DPSDzZ601PsSwNQLy~TmjGgoqmKURoNcdT4Ol1Atro8Js66n4NyRdUHFEp7Wc6T0cvzChflo09RgJ26Nwua46oJlx3u~BQAEAAcAAA==
# nerds.i2p: 5wpwlbka4wj74rrnwbieopppgtivbqxljznl3bs542mxtvjz7ffq.b32.i2p
nerds.i2p=wViZhEfbJg6TB2RHyOQTC5ElvLWGtZdEkJ3Fwgb4smAJyP2ukQPtfZ7SWiU5-gFka0g8QR61t7GkI9lw2HBHv8ewP5dSmtPvUD5R1s2WSyT7Fj011QHkrKaWF7KVkSW7r9xVa17Vm2nViI8Sc86G1LmmfcK0GXMEAd8g08mJ5Go2z1p7unslAsX4o7Sw9nwPhvPF5f5Dad6JVh11Yyd5l8eJCfDMI4HB0GngT0mvi2cFIziADOLlCaMIg0Qe1VVVbNZdDz1~qO42TcifhB6WIHNNPOYhSHuANxC5guOzVhPx8JyM4Be3OuInLFbBpi5PsazVCcBY2JyEhGG-Ca-sUM1vsHVYAg4dLeMSJcin2iHcCEP9jtd5adl2Yx1-ZX5B1FmL3nBJwTp0YkjNxy~E7GTb0QAYgZuTDe5IkuIh0vzl0BoI5xEaPuvhwykYRaRwJTSCUNWFbMaE-I5a-wZe8X1aIVNkaJNDGPWny-Y0syYoa1eWd4VkeDH82Ey1h0klBQAEAAcAAA==
# netbsd.i2p: jjz5ajknu5rku4p6xb6i5xwjnp3nd6c3jwi2qnzbpaodyf7g2lja.b32.i2p
netbsd.i2p=~v~wmexgZNGQ0UffoFNGOQgC8KFtALIAyDRreqBmQd7UpdM-WMD5DrGZ7mOKck~dL423PQ3efA3kY0NigD6hJUduvz~qyEIquQ2zJQQvCqjxU6u~skZQlorESPOGHcDG39hl-2pD39VQi4eadGbJD6Tq2SvYke-2mxohLph3aIvMa4LwCI8IHId1ISa8f2GBE3J1OwG6H8BZ07ndvg3MTHjEaw14pD7lpQY~Q08cpx6SyKbswVBiaPTuTTmcTylE1SO9habik1Yk~RgdMZ6PsS4Gp3Ux1deMlDATkYh1Rkl9cViFfYXGSP8Cg87rS-5Q690gXDQLritZZ-6qRgeeX9tZM021~zrcUeZ3WkG40ZGoM3TfZ40kbw6q7-D0hzxS39-TFd8kxC45ONy-~lI3Y1DUJsO7eY8TH9jNX7FzL~V57PSc8LQlEk~GjM2Hgf3sVO6iEJiQD3q8oR2f7A9SZE6r7ymGZ6fbgI1tMg5Z9EXLNTlfgzruxAekBwS9w6y3BQAEAAcAAA==
# netcontent.i2p: lc7ppfwcq7dm65s57l4uxiez5dqty3bxmdnkwhvl7fv4u2mngcsa.b32.i2p
netcontent.i2p=eRzgeicKSjJabI7mpE8E3Vp3p-zq6CopS3KxCtHOZjCPS6cACzrDn27tRHQ2y9OaV-08-vCrIGwnewqVFreZLKkivBLlYtaitz7d5gjTVLTdk2sV2QrRB5vlLr6iMbhPPZG0H7oq9ETqMKjrmi56BbQjKG5zGX6WnBFqdoI5KqpNWFjh7V5EoHoGSAJspkHlC3u2DoSTYnCJpvHaNupYFatYYHnaa~UdxOh2uOzSESUrTvlU8HgbVfHeMJTFjpHI9pKdYpeLalnQeIDlF9PZzXDRsAH47GScfVyNUQ~1tkfUISzm5Hl-~hUREM~AKyxLpHRYjIX2XBN94kuALol4KC7iyF7xA1ZZDftmk1GPHXQRxNu7oVuay-OuVQPwPNHDI6IcdTVTkxMCr9Xt94GJBgvMqW9gmNKaZZGZO1lQPJPnkC8YpTBa2LBXYO6cvvo7ca4xPujLDlwEn36FRtloXwwz0HJg6ePRXuBpc6JZ5VfeHOT05LIjwd4uhma4pokwBQAEAAcAAA==
# nethack.idk.i2p: zcojbufszefu5bfht5cem3zlhfvv5y3jzpzbaccu3ehje4d7pb2a.b32.i2p
nethack.idk.i2p=Wyq~R611AL~T1Uhh-NyrfcFK1b8MEIuqYgpyG5Oi7GIbyJfNmgqVgWEmRiMbXi4ivIrDgmnSwKt07RtPn5RSah9iXEtiHIu2QPZ0Xkr8IGH0DKpT~boS8jII~E1ohvua5v5dAAFVX~3QYt-Ezx-feewa6qo2WOczM7ifDXi8xrcBOdFuUjSfpcYbP0yMxO2f5lpxy71iw5C1xqGSlFZyunUj7YHz4FZxt3WP-vpQWozIOv3YQ8uCi6tfhbI4WMBDwODRoHefz1yr1Rm7gY20yQIT1fuVKRAdbaI~vv1VeQ30gewR7MkPusFG6rto56gh0j0XerF8yl2MlxvRffltLF5uFR9-jifFZBjBPxCgrnUFQKmdcf2g50z9S7gvr4gH6W3502vlhGIQ8YzoB5XFCXWr87GdrekK4e5cyQeaH-z2UlfSMbV9drfiEFxTrsQT9MDF-dHReXXT4fwRFlRhECopoCMpn3ZR9G~TGlUA2wS~EWDAFCsnHcNCJ~~EmLTIBQAEAAcAAA==
# news-i2pn.i2p: wwcqkwfo5yhe6uribv5tzylk25j5hkdk6gdnyftzd3k7dawlzwca.b32.i2p
news-i2pn.i2p=08K3AtApw02rT7ri5K08Jn4zG6Xx1VhiFl-epQSDV8cQFFoTVSyQnwVF2GS8ELN0nQx-MQSOFcaYGZvRYi~UqQ6C47QiNG747hnWO7jeqINROD1245wjHgtVEbLwdWfpl8oc8RC2Nn9bD3wmVhiBxXu1xXM~hq01rk94oQEfLNHc9JMcIYLrM5jR7wqGr1D9iYzJEKI5yEd8BuFKmtNl619Eo5je0PMe1SOpYoqPQelZ070Gc5bJcx36Sr5AbZJVFVGogLrANEiw89D5B79Rz1IkluWDfIIzHnim3ngS6I~n6y7w35dc-GdJFXggSKPn75aSBa2nAFCF8yFvMRD2EqGZd~4CSCevYGtUbXjtmrczHxV5~IdEKnbGzOqDF08ePXWmc4-5XqStUkoQRLl4z~xnA2k8oqPRNNTHUH-GEbSaDSNzOqKE5YRi90Yfu0S8Eh-uKPPVUWcX1R3N3eAjAQB9KXCkX6FogBhn3HLw0peOf~yaFU44gZ88luxRkFoeBQAEAAcAAA==
# news.neodome.i2p: trhwcnygfkeqjj6g4xhmrdp4gsjqsye47lsxshbmwbten4ywt5oq.b32.i2p
news.neodome.i2p=CJZjZRfFIYl~baOo7uAgWxEDH0RRWBkRZd7aTUT--sey0Ytl0wgp1u-GTIm72LL6wCZ~RO~nEUaj9Xri8Il5FsAL-IHfuCg8bY~0b-XSa4EScxBDhimyte5c4Jg77cu1KzuX8oubfRqq77K917dUjoaaGVZ2WsE~AFv4UsCE1aBAXWTMyF~Nd8fEq-5G-CVvWnKaxxL2Rr00R7QHUt0PO-LOPG7sJeLJsZZwrBNXGf5r6yRsw~-KJTFkZJ36FXkt5-w~cb5PjzAxj~0Bi4~H2g7csZK6fJd36N5wAEGKAwu0p~mE3eOwoyqei5lHnVY6lc7XC~KvlihfIRrd-70uh38HYKkRH2rIze1jeNUuZV0nT8KfekOuf640p3BmupIAQXoio3Hq-gmgdRI1d3Z1eqKR-9JvSMxTzANqlpV3KA6vuCs7-FhV6xCwGAA5j6sRLhN3Ahw8KcRLQlq4EZu-Pzy00jUlrV4PXMuMocsRwMuYrdVZKrXPtiiQPIjuDS6eBQAEAAcAAA==
# nexus.i2p: 6uz2ihv4avlfhui5eyrisw7yx2t5mclxyl6blwjgw7zc5q4j3isa.b32.i2p
nexus.i2p=BgHbTBCql3NOsktGv238GHzypfyFNXQOmUrJBCTRxuIg1xQxRIDVKvEH8GRDWTTcQ14DgOb-2FNOX6qasF2ka2m0d4UCiJn3P4DE7D5QbNVFQK2AP~WszTOxwWUn~7BVGTg0xRbkaEL~Vw7suOidDEYUc~Bewn1Q32L5a8DfySPmnADDSouuHo2O6YGcrdMCYR6xbdSIQjuq5okdN3pkqsS~QulKxhL12kahaJezAvSC5F7-3pKj1xonXiHSvSrtoQZFM~WYQxXMu~g24Cy4203y-GSVW7XwPHQkoBfMBQbaqQuX1I-Id88C0vXOZUMALCHMG9G5knS-FRhJ771L9NryjspHxIaMcl0dCbUihMWzwBxAHCafaLy9EYEeBsz6NO5CIISRpeVx8qqmO~wbpSKuiKPz~jpfxwaQ9ICJvo-LRq8nfF2LQFXtKqdB3n-V8v3ZhH0wKDW7yV97d6hFYi7YCOw6Ux6pgN4EioArEAWv7viPO8Hzn1AwShESLwlBBQAEAAcAAA==
# nicksphere.i2p: nickg4tsj3wy3i23faxp5momjcnlwrvwl5ek5l7lkm5vrbblvgbq.b32.i2p
nicksphere.i2p=PHeexrtGuqYqa6IJVUqRKbYsJENn1ZzsVs26qrqP2t69A8QrchGMS9kJabZGOfz3w1cU1in1f08aS6c8DYUaa-7oGGkFujvbPpoHwjFdZAlJbvIypXwmMtaEQRJN54rbgrTqsUMtTWNt5lcmICPXnKsW8CTb1UwxY8I9RzIN1Hge-Dohwor~-gH9hURVIs~JR-qsS23PLNeHMJNulrJGg5ATBgppHDj184y1V6jKhF8OIkgP-dh9mXwSwqt4LhpNAkGhqd1MIZAU8AN28FcDzxNIxUYSzeXb43~tTTgOyy~7XmYqcimbE5gwM3ytM7FxSZV4dHeJrGz6EGmP-A8ivvQnA7sClm9dlavgh47277X2Q8U89SfaSrT50xaq1L4Zsd4X5jKjK0V3HOUrorObZoxG6vW2K~QpZEG3izAmdJDgr-g5TpHoq9oWdVE8wWPB59ZQj0UBtFx1YRhgQ7HnCOKwjmHQIY2d7Vq5QYiUGhnuHssM5TGPnajDd3VLmQEoBQAEAAcAAA==
# nightcore.i2p: qg5l3mr6rmu6slzmopojkvl6umtthsygexmxntv2vt4rmx3kwpwa.b32.i2p
nightcore.i2p=ZAPy4BYxTlxm8W346Kz4HHenhJw7mgum7Rxh~oUCNcJopLPF~-65D2I6KfDui0itMu7oSrmcJHumwxoA81p12cYNfH-gXc0fbTf7E1DxTBybnYF3CiUt8EzRN6hAgCdJCRyNGFfsPx145q0NBc4c4V3O22gHrk-snO5YcCfOZu0N01yr72ton4DeMMQ5gZu-sMsJIV6TRm9xnw3YQ2HNIY5cOyntipIrU2DxZQf-ap7cRStPBR-zOFxxCoBQ81cuna50eaBpmrXJT-1i0aoIY4AgMW9uudpZgCgPMl0Uo96Kg7A2t01TJxCbxxiMv73KgjdT36azpEuU-iPH21a4Jfz9bgHv~S4Sosw9gSJQ2-V~O4Ez9kHLRlcWcQdiZQKvWakpRayJdQHxH5L6nQrFyXBvHEeIZxraUJ1UpjDCJOgqxMhQ3AdyeLcOPNNFidNf~ipsarUvoy9WOgHh1t7h8ZHub-NZmTDu6Ledt-REFruC9s65UVsemuPTUagmBjGiBQAEAAcAAA==
# nitter.i2p: axd6uavsstsrvstva4mzlzh4ct76rc6zdug3nxdgeitrzczhzf4q.b32.i2p
nitter.i2p=hVglmkBcno~8j6wpqhoecCXZ7J1-owh3GLk3aEiX6VOKFnjH~6oQQTyOt2dN~y3zy1SWnTh19PdEW8LrXUle4yAtwhWt4LfMzs4HZ~kLU1tnu-jIdJwQLyy~s1e5sC~KzCU3r30FeanF1b1UfFZakimbbNfi3uzo6z7I4S-veYhOnFBmGbVAcmBSWHZpNNgOAJd3IhG68WV26c9~1fOW8qMqKSV5X4r23aXill1zEGkinADZehUpnFhXqCGXz98Q2DY6vFiPqrI4H2IAL1ZHqsrrrrbXVm~fgjhrfmyrLqjRoi5kkXTt15lkVOaLA5tyU14gFG0AgcbJkCu8NlhMYzCWn1b7TwHwYOzzc-srP1pYbW5SYfpos3kwrGXnhO-d-4muIjDg4hl60kzp4g8rbWPqxVe~bugFFxNDnWrBGKNXD-LrInt6sc0CKCnue6KTnTSqKvNjnfiNwwm5NoAhhEPiY5~jjYMqcSxMU3e-0wwr60LVFCxPq9G~ofHNHfJQBQAEAAcAAA==
# nitter.swurl.i2p: ezrfswcjrkemmsbdttqagtsnc6qdo3yftl3u7un5owjkljocp73a.b32.i2p
nitter.swurl.i2p=XVZrraGvqhm3Z9TxiK9rt3vuf~6RbYyx6UzoyZJG06bs45z6BoHcYNrhmppVxWBHhAfiRQVlF8yMd3rFRVlUF96bSLyrUY7rZTwKl1S1HcWQBaYAJEd-W~k-9FXgBqjS49Ple-eFDbbgJnbtmIh~u3z2-rHRX2n~UPDNyTRp~Cj5ndR1VYto9LU0Bx3KlOQtjyCKCccEGmZ96X-qiXLoLNbhNwHRptZWj7wFU1CzMv8Gb9BAykLgI6y~VTRepu0ZxFxEQEftAW4o~VWtxVI4L2oHmYXj6uvmCBpBq8t~lOszJMUN15W2Pw6~6MoJb7bS1MxEsczqfnbS~1Sofl6XgwPze3go3YuvDOq7X3YV54siSZRIJbTY3rpVWbWGKvoW9Lq9Qx3PUNKuonex8O8jAZIpct2ERrIgzDMHoDz9~OMVADQj5RohHH7mT6r1fbl~brqisb-Ko~dtb4IJovDB8t8Yx1piQkLKKrEznKv8byrauJdLe2Z~N8cTKW3oFDU-BQAEAAcAAA==
# no.i2p: lpsg4x4gdrf7antxcdy47cl6abcqei5ommgzt55retq7go5ku3ba.b32.i2p
no.i2p=8jISadUQuR~kZ9YzZxfQwSQRdhY~gkTSgy4l33jKOAraoqSmb~IcoeN5xOXyhtX8gxKEb03-48zPZnso83TwcTFg66~Cu38a59fG0h~vy~WIY5x5CwfkoCFqYmo4OzdnTY-2TcQ2ZN44VA6Sx48UXjEsSdrvn0SfaeMAW5It-N6MAV23Qgc5NgRTVJ6YS74FnRZCy6uGU-RPz1HQQIH~byW-NHBmXAW2Bmv2Kq3bHVHY9tb4d8yfrhlnaf3bfhLeELUbtBnXhLd3Zs2kX6Afz7ofDkpmaygYO6XA8QNIVcM2ub6-jSdsly~EXBtRDzF0WSbT9v8rvpop5TxjwXAnTjbS09Qq8x2Bl8wfkkPz45beN0Je7wrxp0SBk5DHhhvVbbyFUS7bDn1~aTvE7Ujq8ael3myR56jb8NlYiXaiJYgwPXpXx5gSDf8rBaDIdJsSSHWv~DqOfJ1BkhADCEfGZ3QMFY7uWrXGuj0J3OYEvonV-deMoh6pYKtgcFiewJgjAAAA
# normal.i2p: j5fex634r2altzb3kjvu35qekt2r3hgsqzg5qxoy7dp53heu5pma.b32.i2p
normal.i2p=OIQ3D80RrtODJNS2~xMHQOQ52aN24eLI3Lm90CN1V4grJQ7z9JntcVOADTwqtw0PsOnxoOJFYTlxyLaOX-0xgXyglnlCCyH-9EHeHojLv~zEUyMW7tCdV8C9qy2w4p7jPGUFSTZufrgM-fwacwQsS6q6t6nrAwpL-ROLRxoHBk9WXE09iXYxk7qkwTpbA67mQfIouNXP~JhjxaBcOVmauR0Hz0NDRLmKflt7neVrzWVu8g2BDf9Cl-AJ~AHSwsWtnAFsEOcW73CIzu6OXajcLrOKJ~uTvoQmdg7fFKwOHdd0UBvtfni4sK0hrz5dGnPhYxHog62zL4RlxybnyRxQhWhD-cBoRyrULNTTEjFAjzi5Gnwkk3HyV~R6~vD53H-sKWw-pinwu300n6zrVXHXkPMDoRoJgjoBJORXmtWhf80PQOD1mKDv0kWkMJ~YTjlHX~TM1aTjl9my8GtYXroQqTDyLdzBsibe0VDlNIcxm8MWRl5o7jKV7U3LJHvWZyIxAAAA
# notbob.i2p: nytzrhrjjfsutowojvxi7hphesskpqqr65wpistz6wa7cpajhp7a.b32.i2p
notbob.i2p=gOSToOvSkRewCcwl5mWXbnn1IElEBlGH92vAe0TI8C-Z4tC1DVMNdNlcnUTRcB7znjFTP0vQ42dIDs1dN2Co1kSJ~nXaef4QUS-Ou5kDogPLwJxI1Hj0djktSLKWJSL40FdQvWZ1rwQ7dnaRSyOm8lrgo~HbVlh682CM1JHmEGapQaYiF6zaP4uOpeTFlkk6wEYevQ3Pn4pctJD4XElVLrS2slEsbzim3O5FzFrIVYyskEbnpyMpyffwvsq0R~RF6bhDhQ15rAmJuju91WZ8iUlORQKipougCwBP9DxQ5zdXQWxxhSJ~h604dKhxncetl0skdErLHjwhSI2gl4o66juP9wsjaczBZo4RSil2uWMWApMgvan~9FSRtxriI5f6-X2fTopWa9KlUwMCBTiqYAy9bIdVVhS-xSdFhM~IGPEZ-rlIscdb3Z5Gh1osoO-~SglUcOpj7E-8XjjvsmLkUu9VBxscdD4p3aiyaHGSljkd3WPvlfaOBmqejqEgEWwqBQAEAAEAAA==
# novabbs.i2p: bicoankyijabtj2nlwzjmr4mamybr6bgc6xclpvsgzaaalzhhola.b32.i2p
novabbs.i2p=eVpbFH34a0QF5WbwlRCBetSrF69p4N~3jiEz9pk3rR2xhr80-DM69St0X4ApNEI5RL-~RYQimGswUMMB4THhQ2c~TmMcMlVv3U~TLeH~UNLnrR-4vg8uo5bz9hepxm1~dNeN8rxD24GEsuX32VJi9-EsophqlZsV3Tdyjz39juBDEwPfEETRRfUQYgNRq85eIHzIMMoX3aRN8iZk7-329G6oRx9A8tkIPcP0aJ2h2uR5-Ni0Z7PENGjmoX3H96ofUVdTqRvkTGQzTjslLvjj0FCr47u325lWzSZoP-~UqJN47ihYFwfx7sOA3xuUO1yN7sqAP4IIXZuFoK~DUfhgtAriM21KwlJSynJLqZY9ukI-ajXHes19Rn4fG3z4x76jJjC1lvJ0cR-aQQbfYWyxnFeTIH4mXbmhCvC2FFWEpKfKD35~I3q1V~wEN1oGZcBWJ~5T~tLKkogNq97csOizMvDjKNvyTDyUNqhbit8HlVKVIqgINWrdd6bSP9V7CHBsBQAEAAcAAA==
# nsa.i2p: nsetvbclpomqxfcit4mghn6z7vdhnza6jdzczby4crnto32uykga.b32.i2p
nsa.i2p=c0rlogPsgRH~rdPPWc5Ij4ghM2vN4tX2m2Ui2sbLiI0n5jnIcCP-pf0ad5BQXiALwtcl~wlsZ2peOSH1JUK8aCOdM8PWgT2cJozk5g~zI5c0vw-7OgvF58CUDybZZjyv7FR2ynqHt~IlpJ6fr07niLHzW~4xTK7VLyaQUguuP43Lyqfx8B6DKYiPabs5HUmgNk3mtqFn6VSzyKR5Tvp9u8-SuUYLSq0HdzQsk2h-jAJthYU1bGCTqda-1rcx4AMCmLaxqeFB1Mxct8-Ea2LxOLB2Oixzv~N68pnmINNNPKu6xyX8CRUiEmDkNrFBKDoawjwhcdzs6QGERdklkRdmEbrZiHc9NsmPtOeUXc6vjUtYAzJRIKGC3jpJkGfOxVxPvPPYx-1lURKel~5Ac~HOzXN4eOAvEiOJBGbLgfwa~DAEkE3BCWU578jH7KP3OAObN-a-4SLNcJX9tiQBII~SXHEXyNIPguH5ZA~HPeWrpzS4d86Oa~JrCtPX3cE9SeWzBQAEAAcAAA==
# nvspc.i2p: anlncoi2fzbsadbujidqmtji7hshfw3nrkqvbgdleepbxx3d5xra.b32.i2p
nvspc.i2p=b6br8vv7q7iz-1ohIhLl2z9kOaoqM5j-FizESP7TXQJDHyGjn4cmPk4gqvkfYrbYPtUxj5w25NHRpexZF~u~JJXAnsXzyDIJhLNFy6DnYNHDI5IYblPm~9sWJekKSyvhyKi~67BauVNCWD7qmIWJ2aZjX-RpejvEXZMxmqZOQJjExLLTqW1hoESIzvgg75sk3JSJ5xC3J4lly3ZV3UmtKYp~Klrel2ITabz3VrLaM81vsM2EhvSDn~cXiuLLyBVmX0c0GvQA95xGEWBaTkFB3vpIlAqqPHWHFgaH9ShMDOjzqvp0Q56WQ~SNZBMmZVZupScfeG6QMPIpP6k0GJXcv4jZollOjou6pL57Uksj7l16VflIv3vy0TTKyEh1Zdh6f425rlnj0zp37mZdAivzsRoS4230aaKxMs3R5P3gqKfodY-TfXRyGQnc4Iv6W6fJgsXQ6r6ceXdPCbj6LIt9q7szntzOwFRx1ePknCkiLEgsuEUov97Ei6a~DeEv-6ooAAAA
# nyaaori.i2p: vrth2eefdaica6bliuhmwetasgwdnmyhci5f3zbzq2hmcldepq3q.b32.i2p
nyaaori.i2p=TPT~imgiQfynW0rbhv3M2ExsXtchW3GnnFkzCUieJtaHUf-JZUp6ELz3AdS8RsEGoWbGVPMmaWCyMYCSai33NHUZsDIisvnnHLExTqst5iHcmp5~SCMlgCbUFohKUf-6ygtFDs8G-FkVmveE3DSEb5ICEg3h~vhJ6AR~rX3DzOoE0heDYU6IHb3spz4E8S2OOWGGVGzXk93D35YT5gO1kl6QkXeRKDrqbl5HzW3ety23RkedhbVGNxsDcADGS3ssXcncgoIUK7JhYlw0j9jXRIK8LtKbHh6u-~S52XYBCRd4vO3QO11UZjjf4kEnmC6JTXUiar5ToZYt0yBZ8HP-6MCJBrr3bdtZ151w~LurB2upzOdw~oRqO17lWaLocYj0q2Ga9g883nH155tuEQK4OMnKffxVxVUPlFHEYB9Onro9hON2f4rpikuGn3PY6mDWAbbCx0Ou-dZlY-JjFI5N~jRi-NdXS83XCPPaW2nz~4RhRQcDPhCMIfyDHAeSnf~wBQAEAAcAAA==
# obmen.i2p: vodkv54jaetjw7q2t2iethc4cbi4gjdrmw2ovfmr43mcybt7ekxa.b32.i2p
obmen.i2p=hLhfQlt2P5xLSUk3lvdyhEfmf13YNEBzSGMAWCZcrdcS1cYZqokO2TCcuNypdqSRQX6DEJ0s7Gxv43QIDf5QmkjF6XsNby-5exTxq39Upcv0a8PQKkPrZ4HdCPJsDavMHnNkSglfHOHIj8kcUn1FXDCc2xfbHKzY~PWxz9FkAbqDVnTIVLc6Bc4R6Tdn4yrK4FeI4i5CpBE0aT65heokFFskgIrWybTuO5P1keqGzbb~F97yUaFfUq9YvS9Z5DoR64WlMu85LBGTyTmFqN85IDq5LNWe6IELBxAXdBuJdjO4lCWka3~8c6f8IZGK23duQDdaSjCllEzx8eYeaauaCoRhuay95z8pU-MAva3l~V3mDjOeiskO3TpdwqHg05nJM0eS5vKHPTqajIYYNlwQ9Z~oGP5G0bEM-V6uu1Ec~70elwDjPexljuZwf-nBRy21BrTsB2yuHufCjotCOPSP7Y2XpYUAuyD4sRQFhleoo~S2dAlJ6cOBcZRyPYPRHk7qBQAEAAEAAA==
# ol.i2p: bnb46culzbssz6aipcjkuytanflz6dtndyhmlaxn3pfiv6zqrohq.b32.i2p
ol.i2p=ARDbMEx1kyxl9xZr6cAGd4SQj47NYut3twGTtXY3JsXiP3rjR3x9Hh6xChuGYDjNH12WQhzHqd1Y1UmGwsZ-uqNazZPrrwKZGYP7uflyTEFJM0c4eSPlAvaO8a9LFm1L7tJwQuKItNwXC976AUpiZJtCTV-wCEgaop9RVguqx8JznOZhoQAP5zbtxYBrQzuq9l7umdOw7mKV~ZX0gCBtFfd4V7docSfzyqi3cNXgIoWgHfAw5PUXzJJcSurfpFqdaVp31xECslXEHCjVdBpzrhvFH4feyW2rGsnYJ-~8V5ct8Wqgc8Mf~6Fr78IjCPaPAIpyZK3MjyZyEwpzT~1y02wAIZvvq~EIWemxnDDhjHkpIIpR4YjzK25mXy9hj9W7bLs7JftjvCxzeqLQU-XWj-mbbPq0mOAjk3SD665gVmTObse8NR0pzUDoXoiUknRNzEd1MbLV7ZRe2pIWVkWvCPDe~Zvv31BkjhhCogObsFBdsmZMZ~l1Sa8pmilQUlx7AAAA
# omitracker.i2p: a5ruhsktpdhfk5w46i6yf6oqovgdlyzty7ku6t5yrrpf4qedznjq.b32.i2p
omitracker.i2p=TVa04q7Gom-Zr2fp~dMVfKnaekv1aG-j8Yt9wXFelRpYtaD8ylxaOeUFuJd4FCSpVO-El44rhFZx7DEgL9h9~naiXDIEYqmzrkberrBhHgWNhynvmRBGCwo~uL46WuRwuOfUQ~t7-m56FR9rZvkqwuKSpnZWyIOdMBtOnOqbshfBI0Rd5-z25wz5jwNIfvTdR1rRqQQ-7CibI-Qz~UvDRKZsnIJFDDyanye~8LtDW~WEzNDz3UzU7hwqpbAkGedUAcjt2XhAPqLqGTcieHiOlHIXPvrIiViTqaxpf6PpYmxK1i5Ecfk4PZNPHMNHNj0-2OAY8dTeLQ6pD2Zi7Oc2UG4bSN1AWKg-Zz4g6Qp-8OKcdfjy1wsXD9kMx7ucrZKDL2bDYmH-R-7CZDGLjcIXTTGumfhFdYyIFt3ImKoRKxFJOJIbUC2fnI2ekMgCDEr~blOJe5H5Zz8SvoOfolIZCNN576nY8a9-GGAoe8wDEF0VM6YYwoHdDsnYKzY7GXznBQAEAAcAAA==
# onelon.i2p: irkvgdnlc6tidoqomre4qr7q4w4qcjfyvbovatgyolk6d4uvcyha.b32.i2p
onelon.i2p=hZWhCNeGK5PMXs0pLOdjQBpzfGCtlAbWHJ-GpUSDbaK6qz-i8lyGHRihwbPd8GAyNzv-QcPmkdkMZJKRn-CwadDdF7eLI5Us4O7shR8jm6kiyAj0m2lsQn95LwAc0Ck2pypvI2E3ca1UYveo9Yl-B5YxVnvgpuM2ZLpJeagM0Zi3rDNEit4hO7JUvzOzfZ3dIezmGrWeL~kaPyBM~vIkFW7rH6paifWJTmNZTFCjduUH1S2NY5-OZL5pM~jR4Km2RnfYXk63iH7fZJaiR9yYnejkKlxond2icIBPG~kZHuJkUTI~5CW9lR~~jBy0COETDsC-JQvhciEvpCvGtPeFJMDY5Q5NFxNc32L0WTBkP8Y3EoN3is3DqGT1oKqQE1h9itxPdotpMYW~hsNmRMUHQDLlQ60WPCyM1bK4zJGv3wABFwovegvLOuykE5NDU34U2Czp1Il~8w9KQBn9MKAj0Yz1fDlf1mGT5j12--APcV-5pTUJV2iigI~1aS1NLurjBQAEAAEAAA==
# op.opman.i2p: ylxfyjirfzqghigl3alwflittebq5oifj6h577sv2s57uxe443dq.b32.i2p
op.opman.i2p=tgn4hz8OboNmoMQKkPd1K4qXRfVC1tYb9ipU5yiDBcNk16-WEktj8Ohk3WOceaCl1K~VFyRDz4w7VJgYaGCG-KaKmmnXLHZdxtf9YCT~6LyU-PAkHraiZgd-4qwEGiEOTlN6Fk2sL51KhDQUuOAe7VwKYJEd6FFBEYHJN3GPlmyblaevrs7VtJdbCgHAoo21tbVNo-0Ml2l~PyH3IBNDKzh~gorKuTxN7TMkx7AFoTBk11tZtUIw1wiM2TIsjgFbVdMBS6J33ua-XpvfC6wUMYZ-VJ2E4-lBcMdhWUQlZrS1A8sDG4rn8kmP~GyP1QQi4kY9CXOBX415Cviikeh1I9HI7e6NcxYMpNzSGbt8~sXPyahBQR8DeaaHoTAX5mxU2AARV0Y7U9cmgGUZI7RWlMbkGXwNXRdWHB2~JhzUdZd12Wwd~qzQUgkymevx1bwgvBgQXQAvsDXlLL1hnfS-9B1XVtx5uk1NOY0U0QQQtG1nxNHV~woF79jCVs88o9isBQAEAAcAAA==
# opal.i2p: li5kue3hfaqhhvaoxiw2ollhhkw765myhwcijgock5rs4erdqdaa.b32.i2p
opal.i2p=AvAr2aXLCyx7Ssh2Itfz2UTsGPMcyWsQ8DDxjWfFyqQCs6XUVjagGJ9nyyNLQU-R6kNtYuj9j1ZJWr-gNlhXqrKOkZKANeS-A48T4dfJT6s5Ojqm5t3rztqp1Q5WKaa6-JrL8nGQwwSVfkI15zOU5pLHpG72Xfl6jyD5~4h8XAkOLdjNOPYm05Yek7raDahe4Jnp-Ici9wwUgPpmeCZB~MXMaaC4ZvaYYDYDUqeNTp16EpTQ7JmOsEYfcJ7nCAVkct7TFRXckdvLneudohz4-eiEdN-soOJOwzFXi5PIgnRMn9A4Z9EDd~XF1sh0OOb7dA2tG~9mjW51P3LkyRSAAZ3aOQh6pwIDuWier-MsvCCH2HaLJbTLwF1Ukr84MJ2XWh9p7OeLxRWNcqriP88bXR2EQpb8iA10ZHRU-Xl39tS8m5jlpafxx9COhhj6RG6PDrLvrcJgvm4D5Xkczyzdl9vEsPTHV6HOUj9AOUMj2eKnUFVLn8~BA6Sv5PY1jJ2cBQAEAAcAAA==
# open4you.i2p: ice6ax5qrzwfwzsy64bctffj6zlzpuzdr5np65zsxlbt7hztyc6a.b32.i2p
open4you.i2p=kvx2~4uxYZRqvfzfgT5i5JdXpk~d9HFc7l-pH4aH5yFdlSgolgW2Nekt6tVLqlpkIzzNCz90JXwTMEttqzpI~slMNCGUQLhAemW8nNIn7QUy-~dfs4myHUhopXpeTQ6~sY8hLXqIwCvSgPBGwsTl460PEfwY-pYSddBaOX4zKOSNEDPIUTbDjuIXUR-MQtILdY4O9zB8cyM9en~hcMHkEIPbKD6JKY3f2daQ4-IrowPk4-I7OKXC3Uns1oZkojjYwejHleHjozESP5lkNThWnIty0YCQp6zIJqtI-i1Yn1602d~DJoS9uUQOZJrGS89pVHX0tkHLB6LKmgKHoi--Hh6UJj47y1RMlaZwWUvY8NgTgynhBnXtMccdedRO8JklXpWiLNrOo-e4oImtLWmHYUODUia3KrnS69yLOJSSCDstLDEz0xb~J8H2cJ-U5-YyEjWiFkENbEFBzrTgvp0qHVGUYVmGZ3oPs-1l3p9C~6xG1Mx3tj-YXMloY3gH5sTiAAAA
# openbsd.i2p: ahwlj76krc5do77pibighi2frqmfccpezyiqfmiernvivwomgvuq.b32.i2p
openbsd.i2p=1qQ1YtI2y1LGuKkR8JpNGPDY1sL6ldyMAeIb5XdriASHFm8f7Cz5580f5dMBEoWZmKL25hQjBtWmW2SQD1Wpy7eua5xvoX-cOIgcU1EuuMyxojDWWvEoPgmfp1nOtY8tCc0qR1dM3MNcKBvqkDH-yTYBJOL5WlgiETaCcJcvfP2kVqisOjLsFJZqqzPTrFqX6i2u1-CrDw07DM9IJKMQwtA5JvfT7JyHUlxAlVS9c7o8F95hyalL~9~ob9mfmVfvEdgob-YfVVLkcnbnfwlwEWuMIJH44tn5xt~GKyXxtMUi1OiztG9LeZziGFa8ixqKRJzGg-kKyyxcYKFe~uS7T67gAxtBcTJEYoFk1kJ51dsjaC9deJEnoA8aVHHQFuKcuuDL7cb0ITpNwUknv~bjK9zA8L4bN~tNJ8wEtSl7vthC5gvxMcBPb8KmQmpb0pqXvE7hA8QJNmCqQILDThdJMpeNshxpXcUjNMgAOcKESoSe~8aSJg2RNKP2oYBQunGKBQAEAAcAAA==
# opentracker.dg2.i2p: w7tpbzncbcocrqtwwm3nezhnnsw4ozadvi2hmvzdhrqzfxfum7wa.b32.i2p
opentracker.dg2.i2p=WSUjGXhqHr7TsBizCO0qV~Kk7G1-suPPSSyMs4AnLQ8wRlWWZ~9rl7AzS0tFG4Dbbl8Te0wtZmQeMhcartbJ3TY-TBnviFqA8zP-sEQf5UK0BA5zzrtpB7NnUo-65B61cVbqG51-p9cJZ~Crre0LEZm5bJs8P3J~oH3b3BJ0YXtuv0ccBgj~OAf1g8ZrHr431XLq8WPRkzAVEIDhFdiSCYAz8XTArNN7OnPUUCjZcw92Oqf9wajg0eXqnThDFbrCx54h0UKM7sVDqRnoXbuGVLTPVvmIOnwuwZrn4X60GMLW38Dg-38qSfJL61FIbn5HfK-VTjCOuC16PtvJAPS1qUBWa-Y3j3aGK3BpHQnlOl-XNB~tJU0GBzRvEnOPFbtqXw38LyTCsvXcY31C~sNC~jedATUfPSZK-UBeN6RkR5BQiXBV-YkzUvTM4s~oXXgw9WFe9DdEWP-XR9~2G1Qe-GkcRAKUXmTAzVnRjlHEDR0lLMfxDwe3OfZuBzM9Gda9AAAA
# opentracker.r4sas.i2p: punzipidirfqspstvzpj6gb4tkuykqp6quurj6e23bgxcxhdoe7q.b32.i2p
opentracker.r4sas.i2p=P8CBg89WyA17SFPZJSQn9do~iCo2j8i-c8YmaByQS3TgY92or5-z7uml-5v6aV63LmO5epPptCN1pCzPyKg6aAa0mFuAG0jsV0GyjOqsQ57I~PomGZDYWnK3-Oj-ZDg128BwdXfNEa2YKxTTQGu2h5n141ObTm~NRGJBNeb0E4MGnRqvA24kI75LTtacq8M75ACW7CfhpBoWDCRTnrV0nHbH0yR4NiYRHs8WllUcP2oe2H~sNJYOuGkHxxaSTvD0wPTLL-Wx0weWV6v~QPkFA6ZkEaIAJbQjOCP4u0WJ1auaaljjnxTs-pSpd2UMV5uIN~4RIWEf6D2Q1RZg3IW9ulmP6FV2-UgZTsZ9UU3leQ2Qdt7ZOo49Nws5bKr9Lg4PeAeIa3Xx86yemDmzDO8YPjEEErcspz-SSrglnJP~PuGLJtN0v6uBZlGyKbBO7Z4tQc-nA2oHWGX9TVwQkWpcAGiZmDcoHqNhDj1OzsQ87WzkLt9X9fx4NsJUSch0Qm61BQAEAAcAAA==
# opentracker.skank.i2p: by7luzwhx733fhc5ug2o75dcaunblq2ztlshzd7qvptaoa73nqua.b32.i2p
opentracker.skank.i2p=5tSb-9kujvxfA9v-pgRPe4Fxv6FtLU~lykVKYRCPfwXS8Uizy-Ljn~yE9vGCf3KBeUudLUfRGTYBflJE04kYInZf28lLeG5xkLI29Hwz4lbUX~13BFZrPc-lnCVA6gyr4dAtcVf0b9YJSX2idOPiuZXkasa02SQb6k5yT5~4UvHHsTchO-XDkf38hsx~xjumfhg9DHI2CWrsuRFNR8K0CN9Z6H608jxWfizqsMH0EE6bohfmC42HVkZWXInAmtH1mSyC5t0RZiIVKcT8SvSoRr6QQpwBWsoUi6SyoWTRKT8LD9pT-3LNxabR60S28eiAgX1khDkIZEQvDXcie6TDIihZc0HhaYs2T67WlOKUovHQ4CqtfGDsD9Fpud3SyxXsq-A40NNlXTYStIW2JnwetTot8of5~PF1uv1XPMbfItvqDlMBz9TBtI5BJujD3SinHkcaWDVgr6bddsTJrjBZVojZurfeSMbEB~Y6NScr1O8V4BR2fpr6fFxWiqE5lTDDBQAEAAcAAA==
# opman.i2p: aix7mfvntbfgmaqa4rq63ygai4dr5ac3nit2dofvtunkd24sbd2a.b32.i2p
opman.i2p=jhGoCZ5UzTJcMFkuxf8t6NsPSnLswNRn35TZMFINXjDdkYuXSjteKLwXjiqT9CH2MSW0GVdmlNVOExg5mecaL1GyH5pFenK3PEiv4fjKTwO9tpE2qoZJczyPbQGeaA9DoVxotDmcbjzuekn8E1vBjstcbVEjE5F-yil2ehju3i-4HV-doxLkWdXjSjtbHhxNDM58bVh6WtSqbmtDq6RG6v8hBYZjLwtjq4KCJoq8ksPfrKWbAH2EaOWj92TPGC0RAoiVXsZJRHf9riHYtSplyTJVKatbl3ZLZL6015lcn3sabqyFlB5M~femMbqGMnxYk76SAcx-gzi4jURHzMnuSChh0GIl8QU09jYgoNL0Ut~ZTu9Us~86SMVGP2j3n3R0xjZWwTrsoTG1PGxY-ozcvMTfhjDuwL8ZmtgHeJllBXXK1U2StKloLctVOa8g1CN~HuPMRfRH3zfHdvLrHceWtZdpotzLsb6Q75ny~V4BDxV8zhv9SXk6TNroxsTCjIo7BQAEAAcAAA==
# otkatanet.i2p: psieyl75agjgbztz4jvqctiglbljoz2hvtqdu4fc73e2rez3s4dq.b32.i2p
otkatanet.i2p=xEPeSPNCRtVcFDIdtQH663bSPJd~W1Sv2zEeEj39IOEf1KB0AfbIU5m2ocFBiTlZe-KtbyHK2IBRSGqKNdqxM378hn9hZ2zBGwy1L1fHtXOPXdZDK6WxP8omENiB5LgkjGAxEjw5NLh44Mjyw9VxeUiE-imuKB52GY~x7JEHg2faycKK0KketrIbdvmiIGDB~vF8VxA0azTMHk-28cJbApBsGpeOIARonS5IpM8GNpkIC3dDNluKBi8Eux0VL5RnfSZMuhcesXhQpy6tnOFrWZ3F-P1FhCqDAyv95PH0I-QnoF4F7e97bpNBS8MhmsOgI~obu5zgQ7YB6f2vg6FJ-3cbUUkbKajy7COuza3iZsoJIJihscynqBoSZy3XdgjbYXS8INTle~LM5HrIz6jbtHtqXPvrYcIUEOe07MIGWRD95OYbQm-6ydATXpfR2LUiKy8MsGEhM5RFfNA7O~8TSrUtSI2TT6~qG5AnlCaFYHvwW6pwhelYsHIAEi5Trs7sBQAEAAcAAA==
# outdvgrxve.i2p: to3gh7krx2qbwblfcofonu5qsugycjakoyhrbo6ndglhz2eeayiq.b32.i2p
outdvgrxve.i2p=cQNwIHEPYa0y0pU~T6F7vicnKWWL-TGwclubixlE6WMQVUDyNNcEkiTG8SChOEN3XveZqcSc2akrh8l3aX5OEP0dqy94ykhmE7xW~j3BdOK6uOR8Obf6eaxIzsMpaAMW32zwA~6Npc6s7uGsocjPIf9mI9Bb42-Qz8Mt11cysrbRxJzZCTymJeYj1VJkG1Ypbpq6tep2YXzzmYs7Yy-bC98p07jgwKKTHZTLk7hGep~syQUe7SC9rVfpx9L44ROKz8zp3AB6a6mxWbGjHy9CoOBvVOCEhZFF0xdc6QK86xa7Xg-qEa3duEYcl8u-TLxCnRwL9mj3aZct6YxhBdwQ9FACDOTB0gJbPGmRuAiHZ5xOTalL-aLhqbkUCQVJLOX7BKlQSMjchLvuMJ1yCxHidivs7S2uYrMuVT3VZcyIdd7IL2aQynCgWWuH4wcSbL~SjKnrGIS5AWDzI3yrpELe406RMDfW6Unv1Uzv1XAi91y~QS1WZNvRY-ChDc-43xljBQAEAAcAAA==
# outproxy-tor.an0n.i2p: hpa7ojiz6wdjowwpaegzuczmufnaydggk5qw7vj6utakggkcd2kq.b32.i2p
outproxy-tor.an0n.i2p=btGc1RcQ3jaMaFhFqaOboUmY3bGkuDgjKUK8BfdABMZRLbNgSoi-wiwRNdTfKhyOV7IftSJtu0uQsAnn5q5lhtvdP0M33P8To2~vPE3KDOwFHWMkD2b97PwyvOOcM037HVVvmNkmXwJ5urBQ1aU-8PKVLYOGVY~7w2NK1j3nEEMlGn2wmB2uQMWqPzlezPkFCzbQ0SCk8dWV8ljmo6DteGi3ImvhPiDzJLQZ3SH8Qxiau7qRW3EEdQUAe0~cWvgGZqHg8ySQfEj9S8pf2kye1OnpTG7jkn0fSIoS4trOswIGf1QLrJRfJo5GhkB~rwvAL1EopFT7rV4vPCMVZ2~xCeDCH--9gqyzfirmSaVIAU1Bg7tMZBvHAkBSM6XP-5nz1MFE74defKG7lFQQBj8d5ruvf4Bsa-6V777swnd1xG7u-t9i~YARzHX~D4zBaPsDsiCNwAHgGJe0Jy9Z7PG1wgSJmbDGyx3CxFJ2QhYvD1KJkT47~X26cpWq468LTeDWBQAEAAcAAA==
# outproxy-tor.meeh.i2p: 77igjr2pbg73ox5ngqy5ohzvrnur3ezqcogtl4vpuqtrcl3irsqq.b32.i2p
outproxy-tor.meeh.i2p=BcY6Gwk8927GdVB4hS5Gbb7CyYGp6o2do0L4pxLttbBh11tDuS~ExJnao99fl2e4lp596Ueje3z-xlEWKdo~6a7iDDE-x7XlkgkXs-~FJntgQV2c028a5W74U8SZZMdwOMcCsJoi3xYFMhcntRFW28nPMGFcZwYgww6AjPK7iREtBuiboB8Rm7ba~dcyA1Fouu03Y8UY0Dyy1ajApJNmJmHY5wDq2GisGB9OA2GHu-rrOp9iSczYaQJ5-BzhhostBRbHpp6Q-JeUlml1dUGZb1p-0teuqY9WvZEMv5Q9S3lxrN7jmXre5QaQOI9sn8tGJqKc8Dun62j7i6gtZA8IWonN9IacCA64x9sf9DmP1~PCKVXxnKygL818OvP-4CwJgQyUgJEiem~RguxWveZcBsTdedt1xk52cCBa1Yw87qOzO9rOHDWEHrp2qf~yZBEoKVnk4ElM8~G809QL0VJG6MKI2e0kmo5HYWIhZP7qK94M66Nn3tK7pEMpbo0SGazgAAAA
# outproxy.bandura.i2p: smaie7bxvpy53iiabfxkhmsjtqs7vzjcr5xxsysjbbobunwrav2q.b32.i2p
outproxy.bandura.i2p=0ikome0k4G3MdbxO~ZR6VEVUE782Fi4jtAtQ9WYdXhsug~FBbjUqHUlqsX~DJ4yoVYzzOE~c~KslfOedxUr6Z-vWuQxh5OFvcDdoK7xgbCR6JtTvp5F7otzXMWM3gXQvLhSGJ5Rv1e3YwOEuyjBlz700tA~GiyQScAXVbeNmS3L4Hkcq94YeV3sknpBCsZAOI0qVGUhgzXTnQNQGwMeGg19jfuchvRJjOoAnMBxIETDwznqFXw-C9VmlBcjZNUj-amRVPO5QztyCNndDKBktSVPW1o1QcWUDVhshYLvZn5W3xhxuW3qwEBoNXuTPwA17~kVgGjKoNC7sKLtys1vBMgC0-Y7ukSjCES0ZlNUi8CxMnWtRdpcttIW9L1gHO~tL5zKSDp-LJwkgHIbCEESo8FeO-dDMGpdp2zrHp6B8w~ZZvHJrq6P1e5uPvNLKj4zWiGAdaNMCWjuUhhZdxh50kQN5YufrtHLdqgwu98y-ld6nSaDkcyPYcwt~~MR2fiflBQAEAAcAAA==
# outproxy.purokishi.i2p: nieasaidj7wy5nammqf4f7zzcdafi4apygwn5qwscpn4pq34hqia.b32.i2p
outproxy.purokishi.i2p=pI2Eb7KdW0452JwXNgE9iA~KBSHU4MeJyIxXWmH-x06uRlIPvpaNdkWScq3hX-pgQJqXrVHFJk7zWUN7jFDsei-u9AQd8sqgIWybwI2IHaDse~GkfkkQoT7wWEd5ZPoKMBlweAHrtsxiec1KPkePcWGadCoUornKE36ocFvCeEqVq41uhvpOK3-e~B-8YxC4QlpiW--6iafenhggaDMMEjXeVit7IfaS3QAtUr3UYi19xlpsG~8DfN5KtPQD0aH~eSqZDW8NWwYxIwuFxQ9ZKIKxg04mMJxChvvwNZp-V9XQ-busYeERjO2okvu0GCT9t3Lb-GhXEupdibEYiFzDfd65CRKsXMtC3zOUnB-byH6YsbZEAEfW-oFn5zFfc6q9K2-klIcgn~kzqMjqHvb9TXDcVlZlcoUd5tUrexZPkdNyYKcS1~KccoEW27MRSSL6pLLnFf~~hdJqMtbiXOIamFajka9ux90nxJ6~~~sVpcyE3kYvbKcnD9Ya3B4ZNHhrBQAEAAcAAA==
# p4bl0.i2p: lkgdfm4w6e2kkjhcdzr4ahhz26s3aunhrn6t2or436o73qh4z7ga.b32.i2p
p4bl0.i2p=QYlcgJe5gWpdvEeFo5~o6Lh4AiccgwPEBqjVFPoflG9x1VS85h8JvMEB~7KWGRkmwzLe3e59egnI3dwnXw9so2oD~AKaR6EatjjWH0xlQ74MsgHOf79cTWMWEekg~MuTbZZUaecLMAzX-Dvb~EjgjyEhFa2g6o-YJ0oUVsyYVUFCpNiNJzRn9oKcXXgMVptElugSjiC~tRhZ5y~57qLIet8leRHTruguMxtkHFXqmInTjYULted8QFhd0qfriL~mkA92ypJhuUsliCkzs2ONYTFevZ4mWtDeALfehNk2AOcSJaxz7wei~bj39AODyr5pYf2tJ8~oLNWCx06MTdi39mOIWINn~kOS36W01aTRrROuJV7yGtXjIPtVysKfLwn70dx9QbVuNOtbCVGZ6cJa7R-5mu~~Sb0Ep0Rw3iRl7l~YHYJSyL19i2HQEK2nzlkeeXbGmFUgPZ8RgDJJ0lgBPnWCz2qhmd-ENmnRmMasBosPfDbihh6wjRFXdT2qzizRAAAA
# packages.i2p: 2gbnylztt42dgpjh5r5tmy6oxm5xag6qv4femnbbqbpza4l2l6ja.b32.i2p
packages.i2p=~lrCuwMGRVLhVhUJ3nOzGViGg5Sfq72DSB2VwZLIQRT~2AKnFYEaPNSlMlMOo4Yr94ATdxMwuBMV4Ey7oJ9GRYdhzKKTeTiwUOnJzcnxFwNBycoObT-cS5CeVOnXlMQjz5Nk9XEioM6eKTzSPP48JW3xVWug~WncoW~QDhCCxonT-VfaauurqZk3ivXicX9YJsMfCYCQPu0YWfBT5WMkk7cwKQ~VPz5RlFENmVB3POnsCvjUD3Xlw4l0fy6D1vAIweaGujaayiJrMrJAKnaBCODJ7Bvy-7peB1pdLTfMUUBeToag~0XrX5bneUiN6a5dKPnE97NmDR6iqgWOqGFQUFLYzXWn33Pg6JQqnjXvDW6A0KUsvKo2PLQxkbXJsiAqE3bWQw7ELYe2Eh4vSa16dm~9uGp~Zo8ZgLDEl9RWAbw7fSFNtjfuNaG0V0~K41eo4WEels0OYYlRBRa9WWLfQvpJBQLi00vIy5HWm6abcjk4Wb9Lj2zDQSor2fx1cE0ZBQAEAAcAAA==
# pagwin.i2p: qggplwxvsvctsdzgld2shfyjlokfoxur3pkfapygs26i4hwawfga.b32.i2p
pagwin.i2p=cLthasy~9mG9j7cF7ZoTI777E9XU8kvlTUiN-HRr-NvEC8-a7QRWp4YOmp~qRZa1fX1ix56yHqKoh32vsyJcFsPHslIYU57-1vFc28mRI0Wr3IT6U-jvrjr4fbgo4wrb-2KuR7jL-mMgiHQxtnresDSh2Sr5XpKqa7I8EK0cCdRKq9w6Wl0dqf0lX16kEI~3azUL1Ss6j~fMJMGWTDvHjFpL-auqxPhaMm9GdK6E50osUkvaPWiViqxvcSXVrdQpfFBB9~Jf6-CbeKsIWGI9CNERlabGoY-S7oxaXGkdzd-M0rgQmqSk0vvqH5FfTCQEjWDPE7JI5x8Dae1yGTy5c3bfTuObUFvzAhgoHTEDPkGKLndCjdWJXqF2goxrkq71WOPr9B7cA2fOOm1NoKBnqBE5dgSa-BvxgBIGkbBX3Luc~~~6D-PXMd9ix9DvpSFFU8wshpciJMpbHqYlfVDcFQCQKEkV6SEKQOrNTH6kEC60nIVG8dheCkZ9v-DlUp83BQAEAAcAAA==
# password.i2p: knmjkeabbhudejkikbzhhjqsb4r77o45vkdhve6d254quttfx3wa.b32.i2p
password.i2p=a0uuPO1EUbdKO1VlIaL38LEGDVcsEbRxgcQ6udPTkxgjcwniNvPWdhjPAiobF4F5OSVrxlzM7~TbdOaEtwOMFpqZnq8Csiy6JBsxfakm6rG6dQZZwhTBHExkDprAse20hPtQrUbcfEmu1M8hDQ~sknGoiVJi2Y28tshm8P0L1MeEfPhPiWLU1UrptF5wJ9DfHK78JV3rLj1aBz3VWZUP4YvVHVDP92Ai7IVQkdgRJ1woBiVvVkDBo2KjMd~8rRB81kFkpLiu~xkl8xIrbuPtvyuHLNo55hHa5OFAWW1VafPZsQ0uxxCoU-qEvQT9vUQrIMXB05Id1whh68iOwV0KrJk60P6WBXFrVHAFKphD3HhX6CUJqV1iTAu6dV5mkBft4jPnPNfWBgygLX9kmZtCkOBlm00d~4g38zcysoqRV3DovEUI2eqsltFs6o2xsTYd3-NxrUuNmuqHw-WEuPA5IEqRnE~lU-1boxbsmzWRHPyE8sMKWIZ8JX06nN2ZS2eiBQAEAAcAAA==
# paste.crypthost.i2p: 2zaj4u4s4l3lgas2h5p6c6pvzr2dckylkrh5ngabursj4oh25ozq.b32.i2p
paste.crypthost.i2p=DzzIFJUnCrgt-GYpkDGWRr8-65x5V753ScVbSGhZAY2rE0ftFuo3t3mrQEakJ9~ustHTj8lsu7pGK4EolsIDGTknawp41yrTYSFr18~7iTyRJ9SU3OlKZUw2BlorQEHIfFho~V2w~aF97XDfYeW6qOqLa~REsTjKMwTnf1KF9Z6exNWGtcZ-GZePIxdK5w0wm12dbyJiuLWiamsorWuXLXAE7RCudZ1XuiF~RKoilOvWkEHmvwandk5ITLJx~cworAwBPZ0BrnkI5Y7g6nPwMZbMdbyIzYl9poq~a9OrQdokm5-EjPSw1fcV6b7sfKjI3HIXsi4tFKvKynOSY1OPNSQ47ZNHyXRUlDnfnvYJUhmlnrfDhMTPD5FRjfebfgSiaWmmjET28m~d1FMzxekahvhleOeaiiWVPDH4gDXi81hN~S-1gQGcEqr1rjD5WY4R81~241u8wHHL22LU~s9dZ5SoK16-zdQ2LPrQy7SuxUUQVLcOrAlx4S1VPxN9QCG6BQAEAAcAAA==
# paste.idk.i2p: qvgktychvlbmqwnoqgz2siuna7f5w764wgkbqcwogipfjzf3ksva.b32.i2p
paste.idk.i2p=5cg1fY7BdIZmlpp2xcnlHB3BcxIRrYb3OuvDvYxOwP8Dm5M35FDNLIbu81I-8wVj8MoSsyLFQd9Rt~lBelN2hC1Yr12Gy52CpUNntPFb30KRgQqLit~a2NdiGJu134ig6niPcB2XBCF2ehR0ME6RlPLLkwZX8WjOkMp35kzppZ5O2MIiQaf9WrxMKPZbQLcvKgEVoRP6yegefWDPl89u7Y5cVRVHX6kP2uy-g1TB5KP5ER9RpHwcoCn8n9ZjeGb48xT-KjRLu1MjJyxno2Hsifi26Cp9vj8CpAtvOh~25w~a8-6BpCQMjpWPxH2dWkqd6KzT~diqJ6XIXf8pWLqNQmadDMCVxbHA0uKDW0ba4iCkdGcyt1-hZdjN3zzfb4R9hBn1yMC1q0JDN5Ka4TPbN8clfaEx5DB5MwTqFVvzkk4w6CemkzE7fEoxukJqC3g0hJSn6CuuF3kEFyQclViYvkLJ1rbQCf4pyNL8exdeNemoo7OML-BeFHZU9P4L5~4NBQAEAAcAAA==
# paste.r4sas.i2p: csen43keji3qiw6uobsgzysxyjd225g6446ylq5uuz6ur2glkzaa.b32.i2p
paste.r4sas.i2p=idgGzqcZuvTXkOXoW5i~ytwjd5xwuMoyNNrO3Il6jpzqEH~j~m6NlI6w~UxBk0I58pCp9If-xeqMhUKTcKty5bEN24rWLQoeuLpArz8i2aPdx5sEaR5~uc6m6eiZEjImczPwOSmazmELiCLNcDNO0EjgadwMq28p20F~IoZvPiZa2r1Jn8xIvRnbgcTVJOOrY0WfNSVw55wdUQCb5IIRhOa3vued~Owx7UyvMGa6rGCQQOc-vIcomW4hwpJ8XnhS4xDJuSR5Y~T~x6387Es4Gl011wQ8MdAbLSzksdiK0UDreGeMiubmnpNQgYvq-49QoZkPO5g49ldKHeJnugt7xCEgAa7ND47C1xiefOMxoTVSM25pOnfxgS12SyxPOOJCJJejvYgqtrwP-B7-h-XHztO1T2PWvTDo9qZ4N-lfwTRTK8lbncM91FpDjloR7-nEVI1wsF4MFhuUyCAv3MiNtjdlqMnXOz~vY~SiJn4SeO4gOgbxfh~9~Htw0Wq5ETVWBQAEAAEAAA==
# pay.privex.i2p: cz25423yahhbd2wavtwupsbcbdg6wkn5vvh3466hbmmrzlu4wxyq.b32.i2p
pay.privex.i2p=JgpMsJwpigU1fm~JkQk6~cOR9pAeBklZqjFSS0uS4AVWh-M3su4pWmusd2gYajWIjoA6o2GHspH6E30hTVc9yXm~e5V1aA0~cLiTuNNIOnBDpinMhu1aSG1Uz2M3iAniCSJOYW-hKEyFva7E91EpOS0PvqOU8kNPKHLZKPwiiI-0dgD3W4dZPQcEXO75iQn5vWYRYsgLEWHE2FN-bebb7LGhJlmkZnH1btPKjfVu8b4yWxwfMHW2BTJlZaCwvwzXePEv0ImcZLZUQuo1nX4XryX2HrLIgbT6GtUsHhtTNvojoNW5hka1e-GgUnxDQlQIzx1gtzOZdkWNF5yyiJEd~yP9t-jWWRQHDlndNeGbefFKp4bcwP2GRfkojXrXBcMUxDL2t7w1YFFBlOUg1LCdd6CCVyUqfhnthM72k1WVBU5RSoqmxICgewGNjDc2gpOPzT~6lm4auwuiVmS1Sf7fdg~4sVcT1b-93-MbrhgleWbVMUcoF9MCQO4MWUctXaq4BQAEAAcAAA==
# pehotin.i2p: e6tfct7qvso7qrseseubsk5hxn3wejkdivojqeed6i7hbj4dsmqa.b32.i2p
pehotin.i2p=8~ZUei8LOzZ0LHs6U8iK5xacuqtk7GlI0CQeg-eg-sSOPLMVD6MtsKp~21Bt3glR-lNfxRlIBKgLm8wZawwg4Xklrw0aODlubVY4rqSqM91OtvBURCixRbSmsDpuecUuJCII9aHpcgbgwFN6LYyG54NKX5aKmPo0E~dSZaCh5yJpRU9B7hL6Lz2gfRNhecyTgSL-oujclZ1tY6vVXyqoLAPIc5GTQFH5QJgMMCxVzoXADN74uh9aoURE3z56x5Or2pfOxThT4Tpf-Rh9AJfeq84efhQuH~pY74-f9iCl61ub3p3qP-3PO3r68RnSlkh7itKRFyVydyWPC9yF-tJWie8IQ-q3LtTuRnYKYd0EXtscInJkv7draevX9zt-R8a9r2qLdSeByFT-T7Y3oJ-LmQwQXi4EyhbK17FDuJjLCOOUjo0KglHUXd~s9QIJKp1U21ylejSmwzP4xU5kzTcliqTawCw8-~6nQlwa5uHTRKHs6W-aWGvez9nD27UPvxTCBQAEAAcAAA==
# perspective.i2p: 3eluo555iam2nhki2hntfokz5fx267e6hsi36dlhhzywo7ffk43q.b32.i2p
perspective.i2p=eG8~nfLETd0nBsmCTsw5CPiomNeJBFo9MtByhoSRtJalU~BEm5oBQuVIqoV90pOuNGdSkhZravqQqdQyjtxgYhVWgvz18eOmft5uGw6gSjEzOsldj9dfOH-NVBoolEZcQjjYAfIO4La1nQ~TOuckuVmHEQvk9pXSd7-1oH220UKd-7o7FCFwgkjU0jSBgefhII9NcLBdy9rHi8JOW77rJrSBvtf1WAVNk23iBSRpLUek1qOCPLwdhTVGmo6K5hLgMY3Yn6xFcg0nFD4109Gt2riKfTY78hYXB4mUTxfOLKO3~BQAfTvelyvUb6j4e2tCsYck66paZf1N-w349ZciHom3aXtHTGu0rNCulPJXI~7P2auQmQLKm0hSUodlejmnLJaxC-RRQKpixRZ9Qd01BuBUgXVyWdVf2yPRamcZcWYl6STxNbIQMc08u3QggUvsc6BVGIMJFihMT75hVlrTYyoOnvIyz8lmi00adVYfjW64nASLrvLt2RuwLmqY2FdCBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=H33q8kFeCCw8cgDHEnA5C5R-dHsdCHFrqANjSANvlXd42JiA8AfeWZ2IrhLM2e6~1fECgAPe5hhtDvnjg6J8CQ==#date=1626613747
# pharos.i2p: vathk2pyvaskeie63yyg4tshjkx5xt6zfvhwhgr3de67q46ob3sa.b32.i2p
pharos.i2p=jPpAOhMudMEkTqqIHvpaUU57gK4IhHUS8XZBhDAkJDBXTb-5vkiCVwB6sTGxImxborWxa4jbINKxJMH4SICF6A7DVNIsKfmgkTxwPfrb68Tvdhz1tGT4v30ml3GVAIvUbq0s3hFHFpAlIMbQPvM3LVGRBxP0YDq3xhAXT51XWfpFhT8OMMqjJFS-mcXhQTdEGxwXQ9WS3wdGVFTmvuEUFsev4Ujv658c8RNQx~tggcRAMyhs7aDDqodEOGcoaHVS8Gy1YlkWpmeManirhVnjfvVxV6ERh4EDDu6rg0JCvxJdQZSKNGp2X-PwqBsKxlzd2O91lKKcPlvgTbYNzOQUuddHyQ4rsVNKC0LDdyKw~-WXZnWxu1xE7ytLSLrHyX00owBVFyQsCu1F0i1Vi7ypaI9MQJVLDpF7WN07dVUQxrPSveDgQO77xUUS4~s9ayBqz38tzIUJaGomluh~zwECZP3-C02oZ~TZJAyskg7pZzSh8PdEMBXfLlf-W9P2lYSsBQAEAAEAAA==
# pharoz.i2p: vathk2pyvaskeie63yyg4tshjkx5xt6zfvhwhgr3de67q46ob3sa.b32.i2p
pharoz.i2p=jPpAOhMudMEkTqqIHvpaUU57gK4IhHUS8XZBhDAkJDBXTb-5vkiCVwB6sTGxImxborWxa4jbINKxJMH4SICF6A7DVNIsKfmgkTxwPfrb68Tvdhz1tGT4v30ml3GVAIvUbq0s3hFHFpAlIMbQPvM3LVGRBxP0YDq3xhAXT51XWfpFhT8OMMqjJFS-mcXhQTdEGxwXQ9WS3wdGVFTmvuEUFsev4Ujv658c8RNQx~tggcRAMyhs7aDDqodEOGcoaHVS8Gy1YlkWpmeManirhVnjfvVxV6ERh4EDDu6rg0JCvxJdQZSKNGp2X-PwqBsKxlzd2O91lKKcPlvgTbYNzOQUuddHyQ4rsVNKC0LDdyKw~-WXZnWxu1xE7ytLSLrHyX00owBVFyQsCu1F0i1Vi7ypaI9MQJVLDpF7WN07dVUQxrPSveDgQO77xUUS4~s9ayBqz38tzIUJaGomluh~zwECZP3-C02oZ~TZJAyskg7pZzSh8PdEMBXfLlf-W9P2lYSsBQAEAAEAAA==
# pi.linuxfarm.i2p: qtv647munv2c6bhdliy2ru754ltjucuyk766eqqfmervbi4z75yq.b32.i2p
pi.linuxfarm.i2p=DqFYP3-Ve54--ASWyjrx-HpghUk~P0BLGJtQsCNicCn1CoY6i3~mME0YCykCMyKnpqY2LjdiqxIPL1xyidVNZfIsKoF7pfjUrvleuO3uIeOBq30h7Y2zLdzSH5gYV2okh7q0~2IW3vzFi0q22gzf-Z~~Tb9jfGSDC2YNsaaXG6B1cXPRYIRFNSNdTyoDJKcatGge5cM1kmGntUe1VEHG1pvKzoX3AMpibIu9ho3hKcgqL7pz6IPSoIVBR-vaJJBqMSzYUgAn6yVLK8g0iN3xDh4bwz~L9L~jIX-hFwGglpROcukMo0KngOIXdw9UepPcUVSBvooWPsTDQgarEFLikTD3ssQcTeV3lyv~djxqQeKgXej0EG5NZJWocEym5OKHiCdnstu9f0CWwA-MrpBvyIs-Rs1tfb3zWCuyUZHlNweKzJIVVKOBAD2uFqVZd18fKYo8D2~QMOpd1sN3P4onIlUTPWSwPrDNg8XchxiYsvz4WiojMt~XZLmeRQFfQ-IxBQAEAAcAAA==
# pigeonlord.i2p: 46rfc4gpe6344f45kxpyzx7kz6wr2gs6n2ns3n4tfrfqabky2giq.b32.i2p
pigeonlord.i2p=M04PM6oMofa6bxLLzpC7vh-ZnDq1UXSUkaZGQsBaRfFUSCkmxJx3bRhlLD1MmYAZPIlhw5TehYeRHiCgWM3CVgBeKorCMhoFsUSg5PYIJZ7FgiIbPPAu3tyeQ2z9prnN3Yky~X4c6tq5H8wOnq~a4TCc~8mxbhQrsIGZNHPsSjiZhdv2SvBiXIHRPA8FZer58x3KfRyIrSbSCDrhOk8NPn1Hce7MrhjPSTAusP2Nh5M~uhzHiSBkYiBjQGm8ugrV1ppLHqCwHbLOF1O-gWC6Tk6NouSS28I4SnhFSCOCJMJEYo9jTZpP6MnNALlzVM3WZ57oHAyRDAtTLe0Pkc4EGyyXCg7A7ZZ-WZcWC6j3dpNqTTCtLCWpRdj~xL2ZK0lS~LRXcxiEgBI0dY2uUDfPvjg0xHXujpH04I4NiMUO1EXrVwtnW3ttZxZ-Ty8cFLBaHf6eYMHsCsgEceTKMz4KfCdXDsT7johJ1G6clOvHG2bQ69vKVKE8kjkvfRlh3qchBQAEAAcAAA==
# pirate.black.i2p: z67mwyo7o3tb42r3tjcckcx6gyh4tmnlh6sbmf2hz6qtn3lri2ta.b32.i2p
pirate.black.i2p=YAwQHIVM3BvDxCozG~9Eh067Jiprfnm18OxhmXwmVmU2HdlRU3ytNSh-KtW72927~yBLUT~Pc7gYsTXRzesyLTwfueEhyQv1IjH-F6Z2IntEmdY~iq1SeUAKzLwgfeL-fEDfhPVXDNFN~VPKCqr1-C1sgHI41VybLngSg2FMLmidX5NSSiMzCJYMrgxWYU-XK1hPUTIGmQUaMjblYgLpEdErXgZv1tp57zQRXKM9Q8f7v9LgeUf71loUFLdHOyk62jop9XL8MJwRrqx74ssYOnDAUtyFrBqTWXhcXfaIwQd1IIg6C8EmzLci8dcR7TU75vsbBOYXNeFa3u32VfuUE5KoeymNFRFnAXZvQMWNSAJuGldPgiUJyXlST3M1KA5E20ZqrhdVxes479-dRoctkiLGOI1VgvTmLjFkqcBOrktA0A7R8I7wyUzfq06JO8-xQg3MJTuxKOYIlm6zvKUsN7Vg2D8ygshPVY-41enytlpNI0n~iFkx3jS0sprgM7eWBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=-dDdhk-PVZDBzP5aQXQp446gLv9CYEe5aUw1ittffWBWE9sZYr~n-EiP8VorXnyBCHb6f5bgqVyXhmGmDPgAAA==#date=1605357069
# pirates.i2p: iygdi3krhapgjmrehupbj6mum6q3qbdyudjo66chmwinhrgrwivq.b32.i2p
pirates.i2p=FaCceYTKYjyhsO1H4YUYs8MfsgsGCPIgz1szf0VYmDzXFVnJ6mhQZ6nM02U3rXa4eV8u4-CjtvgF9sR-n-GILCSwxi9H3xaAxEz0wcvdiEEDedl7Y0BOvFFJ7fV0TH1tiKRSdwAEZZO~qEe9Q9K7C5JLkq62PikutJyrYPsciRZaQsDEYWaLJwl~EbivSGH5cFKfKdqFFLL0TxeT15SbiGOlegzyQupi0C9mpBC~LYONRlD~qqOPK4cTGGBgfqHkEQjunsp0PewepChkaEtRdfiahbg~6LhOPT~6P5U77SOTDAt~BZrWvbqXtCU6HOy-RxM5M2DAAc5WDA5-Ans6tMrWdFEAlQ6SbJaCRDMb1lZ1pgkzNj4hnvCQ7CayS4d4I7FPWMOp5fzEUA9KYg7BrrkWVG3TAMaHNwZC0t4zo7dmAU9V~-AL7LO6CQHYhkwV~L2PxcE4IOuvvyKjAkyeogPYgx8IA2O-X~yI7X6ZLPjPJWt169QHWtOo~-nM1H0TBQAEAAcAAA==
# pissnet.i2p: j7wzdee3hcmimrsdfliizv7cv37nlbg7fejsed63g6ftife4sfxq.b32.i2p
pissnet.i2p=U5mVQUJJN0qRjf15kcmwekg4Jtxwd6HN-NDgS1tRJaq1WyjQFNrgiL1~CTycIkj8gn~OUZDXDa0wyW9fLoPHMopxUAoRcPIjoBOCmmqhUGm14I7Z~XF7MapPtMwfJCGAbzOsY90uouAFImsSNEdwnSduFeb7~6XfzocN2WuvBk61EvyR8phaPeIu3lDkWIfE4~jckvVzCYXv~C3kh4PDDEbsoaLcbj6egtzfaM3yF~DV9GbHGWgYVCASCRFY0xPrWUhn3BquYYc7FWB~-BrWwWwqo9kP3PvwLTK95ln9UP8vgHriwvv7IfPmZsK7~ubTK7kZljUCUBbE-aV~eyoNoNLSLN0kqOMFs6atWMYfOwB5QpG7mUa-5fFpossWKLBWJDKn1eP2H-WS3eQQknY4zCrP4L3dVvY5Aa2IioVFFaWVFQ91UV0pZAT7ujyqfUxPeajkfs18NYhVtSqkIJSfceGS2C7mZtIqd8yUj7UDoIJ9DOznqNSTilgzTbV9zxaHBQAEAAcAAA==
# pizdabol.i2p: 5vik2232yfwyltuwzq7ht2yocla46q76ioacin2bfofgy63hz6wa.b32.i2p
pizdabol.i2p=7NVOaN6uA7LnpwFNub3rRhrMBmfogDsgKYHNFuT5CfZZS7cu3Mfw3sGDLPEpch5YmiyWT-SsBQ87u5A~P6QA0kQL4gCKaS777O3PrJq6MihlB7STQ89qoZ4UD89RDOIhUmbL32LX6VZdfKz20HmRM0ZOJNm8WUOWYdc4pVgoqidkeZ7~rXrBPY4xtITYg7IHhkL~YAcWyVNHrzRXkhOUA5vX1jBnsj8ntrkrdXzeY0qyxErvDSnQdOpMwt16KO2Eu1bvVy4-r0SePSkvEsnwQTYCaHThxXRaeabLODRx2bZyTrEPGQWIEiCN7UpphOfTow7h8dlOYxbhWbKdK5R20XCiH0fyC77ppd66jlv~gwS40dUG0uBzjbmZ1askwanCTgwiN7iWf9yvmTFll5bPFuSplJ8hbCurwE5GsQ9MDST198nViat1kp5u6v4eHAgchz7f2R-JU-FxZ4PpEkpoabzrj2ajYb2p-evnyJXtkmcAIusRBs4bm5eofvTu8UavBQAEAAEAAA==
# pjetcetal.i2p: 2iaemczi2d4b4sz422fcxrjstd3oguh3iglf3jg36zeko3kt7ydq.b32.i2p
pjetcetal.i2p=Gs7u-sgRm8ouuqkYrZ8miot5xUNiDl~7mtV~FMu1lNkSBNEQ06D4hmpocnUtvyBvR3FXA9VKoRiyofyb5AbZ0RflA-qq8sHz4hHOln19GsMCTWewq5rgePharZ~Gk3ynOVHVIHWZ6Np-6YzIFZa46CixF86S~CCRmGyXZz-sCzFxLmhq4govr82-hBxCTHs~NMGc-i84aTEqZ9nV28m6mLT0iJDstoToQlh8TpWa8G33sATvJgnebtxVmtLGo3p5nmZJRKcojTCAPertRhVMdkDQ-GbU-vhuGoz87L3OYzIG70QQkPJuA7GBo1FfmiEcUHqVAIx52rUmp81H8WCaH0X5uCiRwcUQjAF9JVOKY~IxJKHZCpblo63OiCyjm~umMbR98WSwrP7g1rCWa4oWP5tAZNRowe65k34ZnO3w3ehikZPUq6g7Wdsz2HDKkWsoDHx7LvNF6jqlqzjtOjhaLZV~mK1evLL6VhOngCnMztxhtVtnSjJZQmL2UbKUvD5JBQAEAAEAAA==
# planet.i2p: y45f23mb2apgywmftrjmfg35oynzfwjed7rxs2mh76pbdeh4fatq.b32.i2p
planet.i2p=W0omtMApOdlTkgJoct08QnzDkeb~xc60df5Cx3k3qqOFmyEkRB65NdpSdvldI5STmXmXlZe68f8Hu1dfBMmKvfpBFMpP-mRVYuHbEa4N1dRkp3AOswZFO51lSC~MVPMZKGHAv0cfv5WFaJ9nfuaR7iYYWJF11xotoPTMbJdB-I3XPC8rxHI-73ATlOD4cU9oZ6BYcBE0dun9zw4IHBcRpnFRx~s-TkevNfPnBqujB-NNgA8a5s~QUj0h3FwwUWsNB8f1Uwy~DwoQh7pMp6dsZ3umEyBn2HaXZasSmbzB30qkQRs9vrAtIFdIzCQ~8gI2cHdHEPgExUQX~xlM8QZEgnLXSfS93asWPdpitv~KT7bO-35BgTBdCozHTCcvys6bYJ24UnkFVBE0D2L0t98neelWkJSaEU0QzxdRphoCZY8OABQIaS4qw6PEFD1Un1vxNCh~TDFWcYBZ3Rqsc~ISW0wF7oOS6-DPT3q5O8cGLc8iAEdRchrU9XyAHAKVlEZxAAAA
# planet.i2p: pztcztaklof7s4me2vgtdddzesnunvk55zke6oz5e77ci3qk64yq.b32.i2p
planet.i2p=W0omtMApOdlTkgJoct08QnzDkeb~xc60df5Cx3k3qqOFmyEkRB65NdpSdvldI5STmXmXlZe68f8Hu1dfBMmKvfpBFMpP-mRVYuHbEa4N1dRkp3AOswZFO51lSC~MVPMZKGHAv0cfv5WFaJ9nfuaR7iYYWJF11xotoPTMbJdB-I3XPC8rxHI-73ATlOD4cU9oZ6BYcBE0dun9zw4IHBcRpnFRx~s-TkevNfPnBqujB-NNgA8a5s~QUj0h3FwwUWsNB8f1Uwy~DwoQh7pMp6dsZ3umEyBn2HaXZasSmbzB30qkQRs9vrAtIFdIzCQ~8gI2cHdHEPgExUQX~xlM8QZEgokoexilIPG53Co1kKARN0uCSxu8uCcP0FriGejPp3vdWdopxFLi2Oph4SMwKgD~QSLb54u-ZXlvBXLrKyr1xZC~KkDv45D4z8WN4kYjSpglcQGTEURWnYEDjVmS7oIrAiI7D-60cJ0qXfV2i7AjxmWaws4a41vV9hWJuRAzhZtYBQAEAAcAAA==#!oldsig=OkuLzJy~C8i4G0Ha1pUtHurYRFRjQ4SNd1qzdPNzk1vu19OaE9KHGQ==#sig=44G1ZUeAy09c3g9iTYf4zBjVI9cyDxUsg8Bxn25-61eLMI0-V3BZuW8CuZh3eArC9xEYTALDKjN1t3kL6H7VAg==#action=adddest#date=1609798666#olddest=W0omtMApOdlTkgJoct08QnzDkeb~xc60df5Cx3k3qqOFmyEkRB65NdpSdvldI5STmXmXlZe68f8Hu1dfBMmKvfpBFMpP-mRVYuHbEa4N1dRkp3AOswZFO51lSC~MVPMZKGHAv0cfv5WFaJ9nfuaR7iYYWJF11xotoPTMbJdB-I3XPC8rxHI-73ATlOD4cU9oZ6BYcBE0dun9zw4IHBcRpnFRx~s-TkevNfPnBqujB-NNgA8a5s~QUj0h3FwwUWsNB8f1Uwy~DwoQh7pMp6dsZ3umEyBn2HaXZasSmbzB30qkQRs9vrAtIFdIzCQ~8gI2cHdHEPgExUQX~xlM8QZEgnLXSfS93asWPdpitv~KT7bO-35BgTBdCozHTCcvys6bYJ24UnkFVBE0D2L0t98neelWkJSaEU0QzxdRphoCZY8OABQIaS4qw6PEFD1Un1vxNCh~TDFWcYBZ3Rqsc~ISW0wF7oOS6-DPT3q5O8cGLc8iAEdRchrU9XyAHAKVlEZxAAAA
# play-it.i2p: oxt7gdu663baue7lugdmgxqkmtrfdy2izluneqdrpv4pfslxjlta.b32.i2p
play-it.i2p=u7iRntuQd3PaTLtcBM8rThBgqLeCKxsbJkXGaylMnLaTfyOlEGoZ-4qe2S1YeKyLJeQDCRhJyQFoze5OJITG3VlUhj5kSbhmtz5q6C1RgST68qbt5CdTfVY3CWQvObODiUq51ydiTSTcKCiqMyZh-X1KmhknEpsrJAJtz9h6hrfQ2U1F61H5D8br73hwZn~jn4rgW34l4HmuDSkjUyKY8mb6xCHWCqN7ap6KkACVcA9R1ygIcfL62vjWL8N7C6jpdNcJSysT9dyzhsl6biUQk8xS6rDegJEfwuJm2g06Z2pGHTF~Z7WNHDuofZqHU~YJUB-6QTDjx3myq059pGWquBBczP0x-PDRlREcU2jh2OoghaQob0f8jztC20Wuuq5P9lYbKTGvATQjLDAR1T5xqg4jQQwNHTQJL5TlTDhjZtfDpQ-1eMQeo0uCPc2d41Cd0CCKUNwgXVhuNhmFNmbQ5iQKUb2NGXzXWDa9ULILGhjHV~uPwz9tI55ktJsuhdEIBQAEAAcAAA==
# pluralitynet.i2p: yphtn6ponyelopqiccm3nfznoc34byroack4z33lvi54gyfeuawq.b32.i2p
pluralitynet.i2p=mF1f8ysLOOwKKs48qSw6pJMD~l-CORqfMeBA2wtm~99M5d0AbEpZhPYzVFX8hU9HGGRmCzg8dP8OJ5mTBvBXRWMPeLqBYp4XS8WywWy0DotMX~n~oQ2Zrn687XGdi4sSM29YiQKvlvjz5Y3~ao2KTEUFhCGg6Q0rQ607MCGpf-8QYUUG80-ywp54y78RqaVbv1yyFQgZuI9YGPUvbxE32ICKiFuSLhWSG7NfWZtAGsYUC57hpi4m8G1MYiEPcdYMXYfalJsM2dd~acE8D7xsXzY57bh2dbBE-aPZ0egMT0DYQtVXvfu01lDfzM5XsRKHE7ciyh7PTuU~9XT~6YgYpMQLdhG9WWVnrpqFQVaUl54TDFroNGsngjqYC3dIOupQERMoZQJhxCLsR-i3BoOEWlgDecCN2FbZ75D-LTXnu1OTJyxYZJDviw0dyd3oIgsZ8yokedvunDIB62~xDMAkB6Rcf7JMXGtjAmZgjuu9lW~EWUmRmj7BBdYyMZIt-4ATBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=czbJjj5Nfxc0sfESVjvmGSkrDFolXJxgpZyDhqVNxIG-z1~e6gJbbs1LxVY0j~xGtdVMCqUOaPfrM5~-ivNsDw==#date=1575121731
# podger.i2p: 56pcmc4rxmtzs6ojvszpiqmh47et3m6amh7kfszp4wbvz2jbpnya.b32.i2p
podger.i2p=Kbwh8Y-ZULzwhthP1S9RZDJlHeCFxqjdTbb5ner2HBb3Be-yrUlssrevRiLdX-t81dWfApUufx38C9x6Sm-~GYMgJt7TfXKlhdYgsYDwZKYuyuyxwQfF7iZ~UgEGIqPxA40O2bZPLYP9iTRCMe4y4lkDHt2NLfKAmzKP0Nu0cDXdelOksmXquAAfZRd0WhglEJYdqUNdWfZm2a6VbC2OYpdlCS20iVTox~OhRIOEIt1snqTOeiNa9QS994N66POemG8eBOvWDfo~kE6U34sN-7wbh-kDLVxmMLNYYDUhvRHlXTxSYVrp-VQK-rarrtItiTs6eMKvdaFtoPZoMP0raQqHxBJAQZGxF0CVbKHNwGbVTjazBWJXUt40LWkY6o3HNZPXFgpgd4ZlMekzuSuXDP7dk~QngPW10CrFQ5JQgmSJA33If5A5pb77WBnZDPvu7fX8DwJ4nJtyN9CltHEp7s3oxNH~0mbSw3yrce7SrCTUhKv-DhjkVDGn8iEZNX2SBQAEAAcAAA==
# polistern.i2p: ztqi2zewgtifrg4efs6eyxxi5www27ymley3aiz4obhulbnszlva.b32.i2p
polistern.i2p=I0UMzsqWJV1oa8otm35xSYoK9tzsg9Z5IeI3sSaUQ4fKS6cfnn4woAxZyZPS6t9xM4I0EQoxWgXcPnW7mEWWszbtHOZeEdMELekU~95656lvQBZMVdo-LVXOYviJYsITfK3Y53pD5RYOCRg-yV87bOSWWrrlQlcgS1e61Xu1gpz6YBft9TsniyA~0rTxum3tTRoMfa-fFSv9bhIoUTKe0g~qyF9idMkvdv~2fsPSMQwVXsq8V2gda3IPXou4PupUMd3gDYKw3jTfiYZtRLd3GmbKNGv6UMB79Tey0CYq~gmQQX~w9GuB24O39cji04GRBwDA3dsb-g~dtYw9T15nPTCTpWmLtBNIAqyDYP8pdxKxILitvjNZEyfCb61789byPyDLjdxyQ5uUlHMme7v0h5nUqq9SKCQ6NC6dKCQgyPZLCXFa9-p6X5lpHTgeDh8tZ3rPnS1sotaVu0~CZGMVUcEfAK7UZS~PhWISJl4FLnUbcf4NjuezosQpoqs3LifOBQAEAAcAAA==
# pomoyka.i2p: omt56v4jxa4hurbwk44vqbbcwn3eavuynyc24c25cy7grucjh24q.b32.i2p
pomoyka.i2p=U-DabZaCYxakBKM9wZD9S3yPmwVK-dYoAOrpkJXkreSUxw6tSLLWCKw00Rr23ogLM10piYU4A9h937mPueWL2qSSTtjB2AawBvAHwxJj-MUa1D0M6CgKYac0REJkOhIsQ-Z-PBDb2Xdg~pXzkdLcUIBLv0R8MeJk21oenhbbSRuGx80yx4l1uSBuFyPrWQ~rxKRNeHcWNm9KtP1vws818wN3zxf~9hL3u-2Px2q73ofs9lr4-GDxOXvznPAmzbBrLaYN858c4a4QK7Pyaz9tOMgQzSp1UEFWLeOEA3EPAhr0cBITtfljQaeA3lSAiVInsE-qQ-DDWQ5O22kNJrphOUwwgkkSW4t79tfO0GOKmI51HVIgUGeyFeV-coqnksI5N0iaP993YOZHvwGQA0WOlrvHjXGdNTX0uSvliOEZsUyy-iQGFAxMXEDakp7LXKziAWh5f-QCy4~~S66uQZUeLzKWT3DVzkH3q~o1-zOtTYLDbb0BTWUR5NtIyl0vhrOZBQAEAAEAAA==
# pool.gostcoin.i2p: m4f4k3eeaj7otbc254ccj7d5hivguqgnohwelkibr4ddk43qhywa.b32.i2p
pool.gostcoin.i2p=iWQ94LKXDY-AyeV9uBkqKdzoNk1L3Fc2rahK64HecTUvGPZgdHokMn-hsT0g55ngybEUTO7wC0bNkdOBX~Bn3Be~LVjwnnSi68ME7XyKAn2KIKfvnkitcdSy8Tbvi244gn3IO~0JHoBAAxmQR4VZyL53R1A~dOt0mIxhLFyscmROwZOhUNVq3mUUyQwmI8VA6tpguy0aa2ym-5~n1fhNzIKl3BSJc4cP1rtzUQ9I2UkW-Tsj9nq1LKckCF0~ilUX6HSeHc7KyMnKymo-SJpRtc65cbM5I0wq8HPpB2tQiB7s~WMaqZ6lNL0XLxdAOU4w1ogW92FrafzoyVcQnE4r5zWaDXEDENTqoAfKcT~e9H34ImaWQzVMopx4nR2YnhGNkrCIBJFTqyNo353rxQFyu1soNF9ZCGkzPOrXP-yLkMh3UTOM6C9DOiCGUFebydTn13ELJR2mgDF6HKoBwL-R0TpdXu3Ip-HdTn2xUFfoz7So~jBxIqfdYesaUHUw7d1wBQAEAAEAAA==
# pop.postman.i2p: i7vd76psp3oyocljiqkoyz7fpr4fy2xq2asclf7qih6k57aj5xrq.b32.i2p
pop.postman.i2p=W4ZehJpFv9HnM4qnWb6c305H1vWRoghgSz~UXVVl7AM6cNYPU~DHzI0ezxyYIcsywhDvRdSvN5QQSyb2t-waFRaoMxmub9Z68uvcNPjAyG1Hc-igVbcmiGKo1RwXXO1JTzaAFE8NB2mvZmpksPDks0ugcd3AzBrrkxsqt8KLYSXBc7hDM59YUGl0j59NUZoE3tJgZlQ~fYr4P4P9VetBgVQ5mJFpwF~RvM2frx9zQ2SonCSTNFR88MEUJ6EoZUTDG-iz6mUVv2qOanAD1ZfSmmMZpbtFLovqvUGv8JLxFhFdkNmt3AmIZzPjmvrAu2X~VnAhX80Wrvba8df9w0qtptxh4H3ciNFFcik2ypwMtWYxsHcqvIy3VixNQuTv0M44eObuAIAbsxjkG5HesTXOBa9-EpDoXhvKsj6sua1gXFCtxW5RONCkpzo6NItbjYHJBQYd-PXCkwDHym2pGoRKBjvIcHw41vZ9pYTFWkV14EKKLIK8eEdx~m415asaIcS2BQAEAAcAAA==
# porest.i2p: 46l7beij4rerlbuj7xmcngarlkhlpgaztywrleiwagjuiipcebbq.b32.i2p
porest.i2p=k5G7s3Zmk52zPOcdeMGVakq2MsiQYai6j4XI1dgLbeTVLEzXN~kbFPSVix6b17~KT7y-4NpM2E6uJN9SbtBFz7Pwaj1mS6DGYTtSJqdE8GhiflgOAcXx05Y8ijtk1iIiqIi8bB0JQ4S-yXPnSbLMOK~HcEYdYsNuG-qIZBKn9NxhE5owT1mjyPb7Qqvk92dLuqtMAb8mCMutHO-PwX3~l5GO9zhzXxPmCa8Tb1q5sqkgkLjHH-p32vF8vu2jf1Al1qIYirmXhQqjtDn-gC9cCG0Q8uZXHpc85U0sQ8DZYtRpgUMbaHVayt769eMqwc5NOIYZJRe-thDdY4zgOCIGB176YErcCAKKhKtwruBXj8fFQOwrrNPdPm-oVN5f7~fAZY3BhZApc0PpbxNA2dSDu-2xrNtU~bWnLFFA65Yl2crnzGxP9geF0AJgohd~OEe2CG1pNXe7TfiZyO1-NCKq1QHMGfavylK~eW4GrAHGGCTc9BxOOCiCrbkFKKaEnw9yBQAEAAcAAA==
# portal.webhosting.i2p: o34g6d2ox5jzpxw5iqfp3wy3zan5a7mmo36kppkao6yutmtdpfwq.b32.i2p
portal.webhosting.i2p=5kwXHZidm1wG2yvvEy8P06qWUg6KeQTjvu9030s6cCVXyvnnMLloJuegv7X94uXlIOyLiJke69zXVhAokplK8dfFUi4IGKKXvHW0EBwfK4twMfUNWVTqdh31LLC8fWfwaosp7RqJQYFcHUuYIn0LOGNIcV916x3mNGguqGMVt2l7MlknMbdXa3UdnWuOB30-dKb00592B7dnfM6iUaSv2EV5WCEnlAmLJRtxUgeS29t2gzxR9WJ58F4zQph5do3IJTkwBfhuNxFerFY6yh4WrKQibHdn1WSYNzj3jp7ZDlvptXKb8~Y7VA6qcI-Abqr6sR9Dz9a6Pw1kzqZfRqQbEXEPvfZoRvrPldsB3wwwS8goZtctLAG8rMe2mmD0x87aEYG47ChZCvr5gedsYDcEkvtvNDszIp6jMioACqisLfFOrktDSIH12hiJAEzbgbgkpKX1vBoVNJyjfG-pgtl42pC5vC6sI-t74Tk-wSrt7tlW3V5sljxRLecPBrNGR9A4BQAEAAcAAA==
# pravtor.i2p: 2sr27o5x2v2pyqro7wl5nl6krrsbizwrzsky5y7pkohwh24gn6xq.b32.i2p
pravtor.i2p=RAg-wI-a4pDu-866-dP~nsghMSKtcCNZnjRaEgcwRJwSvuSo0ZfGwZVnSzQa-vFIu9agumcbkMheZ8OXZO9VYlwvXCjgp0xcDGQ2aJJcBCjnGCrT259W7~0XQmI7gSivfrRTgitFFq-Y2yfeY0kG6yAOvSFhQF5KWHtx9QUkhGcM4jC4Qu-PkIkgz9YjBKT~bp-zoD~o75AX2TUDp1-10IrdRZu51-FBLASsLgDZQO03c9ncts4G-orqEQGdxgxZY9VgMYfihnxg956dCDYgSNCgBrwj-q9aLqE8PjHWKVATKvlcC1mYWrEJ6Snm055Lk2QozYfNx6DckTdPP8oPLiPFghMnJNo7Fx3B6e73KMLKjfFY0dD188NOstFLKui7S3KQQF83Ao0MP7nfof60OSn1ghazLJe53wiBHaHGdfXBhHGF8Gk6lvasS8xK26sR-mC9GBQ~d31A0h-Jvvr6xFyi7BfmEpZ3gj49Y-k42BsCxw-7Q8LvJaoYloW9izdABQAEAAEAAA==
# privacy-handbuch.i2p: 3cccw3cxxghkalgichofulid36ekwplv3stubvfot522mwxcnu5q.b32.i2p
privacy-handbuch.i2p=9MK-4PO5hNA6j5VhcFqpGccMuyN8~BWKyOviGNXMoLZm3D5vfbn6wz7GKMOziU8MTF0Npyi92-~Z9sH2-GOdELiG~2PQvd7ba~gJuCgiJ-RCwqJIEDNfT9ToZyoQ8eC-ywJMnPW7OB5NBDoJLMDjUDtRR4zJzsQEAWk4lkHM6PZsga4tY3zy8ir25Gi5zcFRXqWSZaU9GKuHkjR0vYkBtDKaHTD-pTQwg9yS2jHLyHdxb6CR8Yv3AaYQfwMhYiyz8mPXA2qw~7kv0FiVa5HNshY5T4IRr0M87cMo3D1UdJxbf5FygLKwKh6nZ~21Of2v3vnGD7dZers1bdOvqfc308n35ONaW-U4gUqA7-JGW4GOSOvXALXw52OU--dPxken3DLp22JrUMHg-jPDEfFW1TespJHAjwR8CXBzALXgiYgvxVcX-V2vc6M6aQefUtyH6-VEglnppCUE~N~s~nTw94-30VUqzc2P9xcpvifv9FvoMOzKlkjX3U~Ni065zFTABQAEAAcAAA==
# privatebin.i2p: e7qy5kc7ivqtnrbdn5ymx5nmbdedlrjkdchqmmkhud4ockrime5a.b32.i2p
privatebin.i2p=0L0~W9LTmPrUKPPY~qOCAr8GK~ccVy7M1wRBHa41y04RbmR62CZjA7LZ8RTL3er~C5Tjvpit4c7s5uLHwxDnrvJyw5wqmZM14EnSqtfJzHfJMATGzCcs2eX6UDCmwRBRkJ1ufZqgeME~TRwIXVLaOBPsOgFtCBo4axz3tK58r2yPpvB90AtAOMTIiY5V~WMSCZMgg0-ivk070a7~7JPKl-RkFB~xMR5wXTw0tst7MdMznX7Ym~fuDT9GktdYjbFOpVSA2i51RqrSr9OYzKZly-O2BM-9aUDqmlIKWNdp8Zn38LkylyLA4A2NzVzJEnxy1MJyWdhg8xOwsFVpXHjBeUDtZxqM5caU-NPepRBxZ5LO5iuOq9ESWgWBc1D8cHrTW2i7zAFXEQTeOa1KdZLiWh3QFOwgJPkFMklov2R0ysi6J5r6slIAFNsu0Dci9jlN1dsipmKtE6-ejidtvNLOzwVgKN~EO-D0E4AZYElLBVkaCE5hp-Ul4qvlp28-YH70BQAEAAcAAA==
# privetalena.i2p: alenabivbkqo2xoikterpsc3gquqzacxfef6usbifrez5ioegjjq.b32.i2p
privetalena.i2p=BLwE1Ld1SF-j-Se5Sf-3kJOPbvyDlPH~ekhkeeCD4iMly57WXPLY3sP6u24ZKPxeLbrVJ5ZkMgJtWTBvGay8jeSQQHb692UM2Hib5mPY6GNiwmqowJaIhanzgL3AvZ8nI4SrzOKRAVkTB7cLVsMZAvQZzCSCnX0Yd5wGnU2B4SNa1cH-upnk4U6Jib267lIV2lx0isIfm9K7XUKYWt2jPUK5tY~D0UE48PXpvFJXR2~O9MvIu0CrM~n5Q2i7ULrfi5pRESbAbUTHUPG3-UZbdIoR61SLiOGuYEojpY9jzeQvMqNgwp-3jOWkcL1BF-C2quDTLgtx4cM7EQGyuX~eRe19WMj7V3Z4EEsI7hsob106dEkDety5DbmVEBLRA~4GNQ-48lYsg5FiJdJWHMO67u5qFKOuCDt2M6HhGY5YYaRueQpudPX3DWB8LQOMUUw4RQjYsspXfboFL8Xhn7R73hZRWpXv03lsA3ERzB09ox~NuiF-~qMNwXAM1SuIhVj2BQAEAAcAAA==
# privex.i2p: omgulpderyhggjbaksgcccvjk76yvbp5rsnm4uos2mqfe5iv765q.b32.i2p
privex.i2p=buN7WCeVb2KbXcrZo-4lZSUdXCf4zi5MNtYIRWlQFS3pH73iFtygwNp2iScKeKn2bN~CfkIk8Auc8nbBzRORkEUBbD4zkUwEttg-8yfSu0BzoVsfsBGCAzPzltUJ7tFieyIvHh963CSWnlvLac7ujf9aBBpvW1DEHuqDHgP~PBC-q4O5LC9dxtCTZ5IdEbpEhwFsEAmDQmYkro5nd4Amkzj84kPJgUDzkJstYxI2uIVdgz14hLmYyzNz4xeODlPJ8yIfVg3h2b8AqcEcmgjLXkqiKEqmiQuFP8grasIwqO7xM1zc~2CV0ZAWp-wTw2pcEwZWkGRw7MBEjCxWnXOvNU5RsAoqCuWCksJRhPKyUGnAN3REVdfH7ab3dWYJMqYDRnyzsW1uad~oFeFnHyI8PNfkd18VzKTJvI6TTvC2RKMM0pMbEuRV1DneMrwrEs0uVcZzGDiGgcrqaKJ7x-ju5TJCAxxztV85isRago6b0JCL7bJvn~i9KXavfL8pNccTBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=DM2IwsPc9zUS~oJKGVqeVsTvG3f5v3QTqdbCCsNZa3QgdOM7VmPG6ukM8NJWuOqSKd5ncD357BscX8hT6QhhDw==#date=1561860947
# program-think-mirror.i2p: iib6qnctfvq6hsjodbw23eis5pnflrx6td6vxthpk3gpprvl3hnq.b32.i2p
program-think-mirror.i2p=kxybPzADU59PhvXNYZjOv2qY16aolcPjuuvdK-6zkWedvU0~LF68bETELGLfGdq4hyAnWiyXsyftaFXWYzLY95c5G8crNcBQJG960lIUnDUg8lNIzPjnHLKnGbk6zTPNULVpGquUHoDlk9W~3Bt0F9F~qaaowsY3S~h8LZ0ENXTIQfXtNkWk-9beE0BYv0muxXhCp2Zc0xJxWmGiB7okZb13cT8GMGaWrcSiQbR~eljR9CXBsTIvFWNwOMuCNCRkMPTOVAhJ5GFR00VMyy5ZqBV2ILEuvm1gxTPmEjDeSTvRFLXbrOewvvDW0rm6Oprwlz9t-B~OsQ5OiqVua4ErJ725phVXqMg3~Ai6yMTsQFF726s8mbGb9Rw8khUy46QyPsdedUftXypR09SSZxTO44w9wvVilDz0pypqBApH46X7SkgTvFoomSGMrBvraL8N5i68jlcpYuiIGXJMygHF50SxTMiUb9JGJAy5UOnhGqb6c7LPTePL~y7HhC9F1kVuBQAEAAcAAA==
# program-think.i2p: vkdphjvovftrpppcvl4r5uqovmk7iy33jkvxry2rynddoxfqc5wa.b32.i2p
program-think.i2p=YiYtuCMNVmCK9GOEVGfNF5d5m8KJwhM7tzQ~S~BCrryZA6a9~7NtDTijwT7UCUCdMGeqFP7Qpj1CfceR0n0uhqxvJKtXAUeUmqceUdtl5M00RXFJTcoY5KUZQs~OSvzPHYT2qymVRCle~ufjnYtpdvBIPEqGqHSCtjjmHQXomNLiVzRsw4PCohI0Uvdx2qotOlFoh1t0-V3dexpkq3PNe6tsVmKL~uM2v2vw-uDzKfeniNr3x4W7ZrqklVtLR0o35XGtQUCucJNyKFbTxlKGQS1k2TyJ9OXsTEl3nsmJvR0OBvWmLtN39sgLuoEQo8emb1nqj-lgNis5HkpB8WTXQ6AJSP-M5IuD3-tq7GlQX2UbXN5Jyh5VxWqFlELtT85o7Y85ZM0LiIdwW7evNPQ8ozg9R~SVSjGSdCuPlVcs7xKpyOuH6Oiusr2y3PTNJqOrF5p1w9vBbj7zqVeAvmzUVyWlunEkVKU3ats7vbO3wEOsCPJc0uu0B2xchytkU9-hBQAEAAcAAA==
# program-tink-mirror.i2p: iib6qnctfvq6hsjodbw23eis5pnflrx6td6vxthpk3gpprvl3hnq.b32.i2p
program-tink-mirror.i2p=kxybPzADU59PhvXNYZjOv2qY16aolcPjuuvdK-6zkWedvU0~LF68bETELGLfGdq4hyAnWiyXsyftaFXWYzLY95c5G8crNcBQJG960lIUnDUg8lNIzPjnHLKnGbk6zTPNULVpGquUHoDlk9W~3Bt0F9F~qaaowsY3S~h8LZ0ENXTIQfXtNkWk-9beE0BYv0muxXhCp2Zc0xJxWmGiB7okZb13cT8GMGaWrcSiQbR~eljR9CXBsTIvFWNwOMuCNCRkMPTOVAhJ5GFR00VMyy5ZqBV2ILEuvm1gxTPmEjDeSTvRFLXbrOewvvDW0rm6Oprwlz9t-B~OsQ5OiqVua4ErJ725phVXqMg3~Ai6yMTsQFF726s8mbGb9Rw8khUy46QyPsdedUftXypR09SSZxTO44w9wvVilDz0pypqBApH46X7SkgTvFoomSGMrBvraL8N5i68jlcpYuiIGXJMygHF50SxTMiUb9JGJAy5UOnhGqb6c7LPTePL~y7HhC9F1kVuBQAEAAcAAA==
# project-future.i2p: ivqynpfwxzl746gxf376lxqvgktql2lqshzwnwjk2twut6xq7xta.b32.i2p
project-future.i2p=tV2BkOv2X~7A9Bt1jhlgcpx5Ke81SXAoHNMb~RdF255SO28ay31b4IVgfeik6Q~KVmdmv2Nx~LFE9uWkLs1KJUqp52nSqoBzb0~oSz7lZU1ItCLt9q7t1kbDXo5goM9HPaVs8HGpd~CPhfkew8SJBeFVWdoREBdYxFUi~-zPRu~AiuKLevZg0V5QXhZQgWT6JZKKfgUpN~EN~nvZPsCL7Cpa1K58aDvB0gCV9iFhB187jguW6u1fKXTuwYFvMd1RyfiaggL~nkWyY6nZh6ptODr7y8YBkyz5vH0ITDfruc9ZSsVHTvx1hdgF9c~kSWy90wECfOqAbspqFFJy4iVDeQKmRzNF6uACKbVeY1K-qBZfHkAUtZwSBn~gfnV4f-NJAjmF9yqGhYDEZI9jMzcnEOHlAAmdJA68qg~XyPyVvGJQU9fCeP7oqvradrmqqE99gfYrYYAO2xoP9OWFMby7R2RCdeVFrulMkOrvf-0bYY5tr8pioHH0wjBAYuopsxTKBQAEAAEAAA==
# proof-of-loss.i2p: ofhehzoj5p4khpkookxb63tmqvrmcxaapgb3v3nm7kd5wjgebs4a.b32.i2p
proof-of-loss.i2p=41HkRZMbYp4AgwcNiX-qpuz6GMluXTtOOouyFj3om14DMluayunWgIPwm45XjTdObnYbO67OcX1-gV8D1jEQ83hgDzlARIjpgsj3inyTVG941OmBXCnjOA4jeNDkoad7mPT41cG1qy6bKszXx3hKNNo9-wiJkUu1DHI60gNdWWiVNt8LuWpRjkt7PXCspCMz5wxVJz5pAfDXWNw9JgSNlyplavwodYjssHS0AtS6Rj-kRwYlZVZ9ixsCV-KwAT3Fuk9q4Mo-yiIXlP0a6Bztt9YMfWs004o2SlDmyHbPrtA5Z67bxGFNBtEnqADMRoWKLvA1kx7Nlbm5ifgPF4cDV-UlBJDYNCeAhxb7dGL~Gsk0TQ3R~rvXBAOP0qJlgU5fZHRbHk1qfrFFsetkKh9xChlBqN6txsHuXIpG3vRGZvoLAFtGRkgD4B6s0v6nGojxIypZ99~YMBKddc~zdhoQNVr-MTXN8txvrwEOY-wFneGzEnjLOB5bW4E1~xvZKG9EBQAEAAcAAA==
# prophetgram.i2p: cufuwm75gjpt3svl4wjmo6r4zjv6eqyjdpiuqfckgb5aqqdbgyvq.b32.i2p
prophetgram.i2p=IemU1Q~JLY7-PzMgTog34QVcGJP~cCd2Oylvm6yQwg16-V143KVyYoDWUVtuunF5zFhiN0gstrDSxuS~fDTx~07Lq-TOe0YuXGj7Dn4HYSx5i7U--YKgy~MOEk0VF3uzuOsDRbyaSSbGxv~ydY7u7kDlOGPa~Six4yNlgsXY~mT4hanSzBqw-eEWeJVvplRFMq6LcABw8Gm489Z3E5ggw82IMz9QzOOkLBF0a~OstD9oSLmBkX8qnZP8qKSYf23n-HjgwzhsvlqVfVc13dcIhFROan5BB-kh5-cI0iO~mnhhMyUpiB10jqaVEJu-2XzxE-~fm9lNlZ-bQvyhJYOSX-NyVqlzLVJLYtsVOrdzkYP4~C7EBdul0GYqDbvfl9ANh-jIl3LFgYJkFXzLo~vPqt2XItM2A0NCvUP8NAlqcSqeJh5YDNPgS3NHlx0ly6eaqdhoqh~GMeJQkoJIv8sugmJYcKZgro8Xag7FIwR5481BUvwfbKHOvTs8fGWkWKfTBQAEAAcAAA==
# proxynet.i2p: 7gar5a3n4hzvsgi73iizo65mjza4kujf7feopfxuwu5p6wtwog5a.b32.i2p
proxynet.i2p=9kbjIqOcm~5JuGedHGcBxjNihoIHqJg~hX7tvsdmuLJl7V4EL9tyWfCsUUbAhHRLXICKMBM~AZbF5Bz9TQLYUdb4k6Wqg-s~tqQOOxi5C-YyN93cBD1dEikTzixnR-Rfy9yBFvwbr7QposBW0oPYb8Sa0q260Y1tTBwtcVxqZZBSqGZJCGDWhr6-AL71o8jdGZXDm8gWW8Hm1WAEioMKq~k3EUmV0PP0yA-rMKkJkrMw~-KWrvO6zOvqmai27wHZQUJ2Aj4MDss1TTuVE2A2I-v-BUB7adg7jgwwaW~9b562w4oIaf5ykfWMVbi2dxFQfIZRkmS1XXs~2abZz~3Q2OnK~BXwToH80cJBxjWkLlztp6uS7riY~G5sTdXW67i-lqPxWBWCTP2MQP5xhC9CvK9hA1zIw7kDVzkeBDhDyPt3ggvIFGOF9bDJcps-1ZsF0X48Ro~RGRhblAqHJmDYe86VIBaB7O7AoCuYjtEWASkr8wQd7bBC7GO8frEjbnDuBQAEAAcAAA==
# psi.i2p: avviiexdngd32ccoy4kuckvc3mkf53ycvzbz6vz75vzhv4tbpk5a.b32.i2p
psi.i2p=a11l91etedRW5Kl2GhdDI9qiRBbDRAQY6TWJb8KlSc0P9WUrEviABAAltqDU1DFJrRhMAZg5i6rWGszkJrF-pWLQK9JOH33l4~mQjB8Hkt83l9qnNJPUlGlh9yIfBY40CQ0Ermy8gzjHLayUpypDJFv2V6rHLwxAQeaXJu8YXbyvCucEu9i6HVO49akXW9YSxcZEqxK04wZnjBqhHGlVbehleMqTx9nkd0pUpBZz~vIaG9matUSHinopEo6Wegml9FEz~FEaQpPknKuMAGGSNFVJb0NtaOQSAocAOg1nLKh80v232Y8sJOHG63asSJoBa6bGwjIHftsqD~lEmVV4NkgNPybmvsD1SCbMQ2ExaCXFPVQV-yJhIAPN9MRVT9cSBT2GCq-vpMwdJ5Nf0iPR3M-Ak961JUwWXPYTL79toXCgxDX2~nZ5QFRV490YNnfB7LQu10G89wG8lzS9GWf2i-nk~~ez0Lq0dH7qQokFXdUkPc7bvSrxqkytrbd-h8O8AAAA
# psv.i2p: pmzcuml2oi2ok2h5i6cepcyxxjrughzgliai6hzspdlyt2bucy7a.b32.i2p
psv.i2p=~JUNgoebe~axy5xudU0Gc~uvtVq1cfLEecszvZdMEVzA0cb9Oqt3AnIwJQN4CNjz832ZscxtR2x3SsB1epPZrmJystOJdAbYcwyVeWsqvzWkfz5STHLueCzjhRXOU49s4lS-S~aBZVrAJPtQgDVh3Ri7ZL6I2OnIWDesSaVFxKh6NAg6QzafsupTcNIdDQ9S6~cg3mZt5DQJuzk04ft6ADga8NHszFNP~3dShj2l1WGTpLSUX20OSIwGzNGCmVbDuD5hbnHubn3rIfd1EJqOxA3jzkvGJf9MWYcjSaziNR2Jb9H3y-BIa4NAlpuZwayDb8ts2z3f64mOSICzIut-JfXE8-Nk1AlM~Hgm9cyjffCepmNJ4qmKUwDPip9k5LQoOpINuxS4pUWiYWTbfiC8YtJLc2xGrPmNJtyenEFQ5VQSmCh-Uu1y00B3MvEfiJwDroU~sHAIDfH8c8Z4LhtmXtH2EodQS~pF2w4iGSZOXZtNeVK-6srLz-yIPFEE9f61BQAEAAcAAA==
# psy.i2p: s3elzoj3wo6v6wqu5ehd56vevpz2vrhhjc5m6mxoazicrl43y62q.b32.i2p
psy.i2p=JNKHWoKa4Haf6mYJvMe74Q5YsnWDJir-s7c2A29CNnhTy1yWX8ErkR0bc5KPJM5fXwsLhMnv23EapywcUgMENLuaFZPByFZMfRKjWft9d3YvzCk~sd6uvcxabsbKp6DQRr7M99gL7LHYxZrIAHl4EuKVYMpuCOKoq3uEUqtMSYtR-FolJW8kiPnrG3~2KhP6GHgougGSf3HaBOKdE0TknAZxHGdnV8PGg0qfxK7RVAz4l9TlJ3yukdnwQo2hlw~Th04Yvxbqb5t3mfl8SSV20bbYDybuaj9Z2tVGHlwOWG~KNzb1cnVfX8iyjA6RXi3DHVMEX8-23ZhcjGiW9xDrXVZjZgKYaYgEnv1jBlANRoI1rILIRjH-q70EyEdGyN~Lc3D4-ccFccVgeVkT-Gi2zPbpGeE0afCFQOnWgPY8KuAqybndKUr8LZDu14U8msKrIeD6-ElGIRc4MXjeVnOSrL2fGP9sBueIsziQzz4rRARyfNJv2UplA2VL5iGAl4cYBQAEAAEAAA==
# psyco.i2p: eoilbrgyaiikxzdtmk2zeoalteupjrvcu3ui23p4wvfqo25bb73q.b32.i2p
psyco.i2p=y3UyQY0KP30FYz4Bl6lOKLlYhv~WlmqwHAhVd7Rvsnw~g~t2vbH6nN6G2bUhs8QeKeWtPGazC5qVwzq8k4O1wF1MvEt5l0327ZYkuPA2qxX8BK~nEgOK9HFS-eUDLIR9oh6Os5aGhizIdIJYNPMkXWHJ4BZaAB8l9rw4wDwS70CBBS8i~G5HB-sS3SsnyKjFXlMKn8kCVEoBnzOXv8zb-47JI5DemKSwo2s-r42JXqJ33i1LtNOQr5Icv-i3oOptA--xPkdtwob-efozPPM4B8ZB1-Wh8KRO-3xzAR-MFWN0hulWrTVeifirdTWdSOgtgCbTU1Di3ZSMN5vE7qOFGKotFQsDPWzuWRg9KEYLPveNPiPwbiScesstwrnBkGpvZ7-0UWOaFaHek2tiQkcCol5JXmW3QMotIlmXjigI9Hrk0B5GlOPLgvchZux9i7p275DVm6qpE0fdcTPRXGN1qcfdak2EX23CAoOh5763UDXRfVxyVq-WUS8KcXrAWEtMBQAEAAEAAA==
# pt.hiddenanswers.i2p: o5jlxbbnx3byzgmihqye3kysop5jgl3unsrkmurbtr2nrnl2y74a.b32.i2p
pt.hiddenanswers.i2p=0TNtWGsSjQkh1XeEZh7iVmtme9a8G0cU2R0PZahxXo86ZecSskGrWzaLTPwfJBlA6ekni7RzBS7PP7kcdve9iBHwzkRlPi4aWJJ2Jj25w5Jpa~6-dWO4ty4CZo-1HNtXxYf2wFJGHO1znWXWZ8CElyKvnla2qt3QTG2xu8C7z1aZOISvgKQMlvxbcleQWw3rUMFQKQgjEx4URDl2HXbO1JD~l95fsdF6BRrvoVL0gpMxkldIz~NR77xVgn-JioC~O8c891OXLLjC6EVqP~sSXnK6Nk5yfV82-jGIgsH8gNx~XYxXpbbL96DaGvXWfwb-LpFEHJ-lb418U-cuS-aBG7eUz3~XZ3YpJb8YsLgFRzp9BY72yX3GtX7yyXIQBnBmjYUoe6bAiNrPd-J4aQsUz-mFMhfdvnzmn9qsqvORX8noX-2uFLdcOj~VVq2enbo5ZbkzSYe~-D0FjpyiecaeCTB1RrEkmHPjd72gUNWhSXz9RV785J2lnvQbzx6-zj7NBQAEAAcAAA==
# pt.i2p: umbkgg3nhvgunyiwo2odfo3ufbdijb2ofg5eha6nyd4ymp4yitna.b32.i2p
pt.i2p=nnqTfvr7LBQLabFExrkaaIhdcvfgemfh-Q-8rk6qB18AQOI0VZAZ-plyz1EZCT5LypOCZqXzKhwPl0n1XG0UaWhWQ0DAwbwryi3ry13D6yo2o7MfiWWNBwN7luewUuIqUUrLhmsWe6bn~LxsyD4oIbSh3Vsg5~1OJq0F1UcZYgW-Zmsotvl0O3m7Awi0gfOPMr8368EuGop9xstRZPzxjBym4vhPO3d7YSYKPRetxPb1Z~z3ERQY0eT1nYzntA9S8uoLtHV-cHZgZge0O-wYlt3PefBuSr7U8pgeAIM-baQuh9EUh4qLeo8i4TDQVwucfW-BPFCjtmKa8b3AnnQB7txH2AS4bEpi4V7bYoD6OsadRElroLi6h-atfsrTNp-~GV9bfScsjeoMTdA-B5DzjQeueh233O-Eh1QaXkQvOSrY8Ev~1v8J-h3JOLWUBGp5E8PjyJs8W9bFjz2-u3gyFwQi6332tqjhqWz3FLzYFWvsoZcZ2zK-lQlF2kkx8FL1BQAEAAcAAA==
# ptt.i2p: q7r32j7lc3xgrcw2ym33wv4lfgqbez7vtm4lts7n34qfe3iygeha.b32.i2p
ptt.i2p=9Bg~I6K5sS-95dX0H-Xg6iBWsyfqscVKaE41XBdMf05AzJVgAvva-1AgnutyM~PXVFwsHVSLIWd5HbH-fZPu5gqjF8JOiSmmCZjuxIqWT5D46C-QMUr9WpeeBpglpBIjQDhcXtn0zb3rsiqXSzUE5gf8wQzC913R0RU4lkcqcau3wT6DN8gUDRk0LYnFcdBaPGBqEmJjuH-JsVeQesHxrJ7KX-sY7~sYb5jJVUB3mQVffHaxetxjJWr0YlFht1Vfq5NUpLWdPxHV9AvuhI3AOpKO4wldc7eHOM1vN1NvSOUYPv6136gRS05W-2rVS-8UQjq6z46piwm1SZfv4COda4GbwSP9c5weHslnOUCKqk-s89CvYy9vb00xlpN3h0uZx1lOKK1EWdJI2oTeUeY0PTBzSOPcTEKHvnfTEyinhUtUhH~3fHpxr5S~zazztC84nuDmDArby0U~X1jhQrsvjgGYMltsx9i1PyusUZLqhYk1r-e3s6z-X45W3Pw4mL6bAAAA
# pubsub.i2p: kse52thhz4srsf2ibw7zj6ua27df5a2u5gnqgf5jxwvranbw6mpa.b32.i2p
pubsub.i2p=jzZaXjCJtcwJ1kyDxGmoMCF4NWSjav02L-ELxkDI-q2xkzqHp9Ge-DwlciWn9IlH3I9yNTP2ivUReHoI6YSuVuCoF91RRdf9JArjSljsYoSaBenaBLe5SbYeF0pQrLfjXAbCtbkh66V~ZtnojhXSuKbvuSlzE0l8DbB7IQCznQhMGVLo4LPk~sTsw02MrLaKscihYQNRIeRFZfmfNxwHQQhU30zOTpn8Jlk3mCg0Wf~x3qrsn6yppFpuFR-KVrjJ8aU-ugbhWD8e-xZogxIZi9Oy4tg05I56-z3dR4ZoWgD9~c~EfYr-r~RCttxHR~PTrmJjDh1pxboF-kpsULwTc0VlGl9qKlOjqU6XqRwG2Ofb7s4yhZCB8ZzDKnEprqsuP7bnH3rk2YgUMGLymSqAxp8-j8i40ihV6xyqK6BMUrbVpqhbmm~NAZYIlnDBQha2Dsr57vz1mImNIHOkP5LB6cUBBrJ6x-zz6qW9psx3dYv5PJ2RmsLhZhKwolA6Q1EGBQAEAAcAAA==
# pull.git.repo.i2p: 3so7htzxzz6h46qvjm3fbd735zl3lrblerlj2xxybhobublcv67q.b32.i2p
pull.git.repo.i2p=M-UMjXHcm6Wi48vESwcASuW5OEDtrVjb70gyWpXUkwO51r2Nu~ORTTbBg0fpq1kXT0RgNJnOcPe3Ea3v~DvysOx1BN9P5R9bIO-h~X2YV0euwtkfxs94w-AgViXFdVvtJEgZ7isX~IwYCVnod9wS-hO3NS6BkAhPLNKNDDwUeWHJNobf1Qv7EU9bIwAMPsSbUJsyk0SWhWSEM2SaspxbwzJY-1l593HEARSP3y4rkHfI7By82PZiZBLVUs3epkXPY1jAkq75prH6VBSyK2PICbhwrcFlSB3lYiZejTAGE94rrYNp-LPvjQe80KHEdA9MD~ecmCUy3z3OrUHigRkXlXco2XuJsjpzvkZTDt8EO2RkmAeHww5BNgZf23fcN42vVOPizl0crJifXy67VRSNwOEaEt0tklz9ckyTFrxxe0zVXZyalkk7GwLehLpbnnvtqw3KVIXh9hvKuwLypWIT-oWwSWBxDOqTou5RMzto-lYvPLdWArsx-KCAvJRUhgsAAAAA
# purokishi.i2p: ia55kcrvskaitnxegirubvderl4vhva6bwkiducbkma4scy2rhca.b32.i2p
purokishi.i2p=Xlkn489i1MnVv6ANfspKBlTAAMVNAl-JV~WbE2WA0qtMV4HY~A0qRXf3oFW9rAXvskcspGHOINiTxHvdDRaH0tqRg~q0eR1c~cUqqqK-CsU9nlK5CQU-oOfcNyDoSrhjQRNbwpFmpIN6uRBOr1G-NeKja3vBCmgqJLnMxxi1nYmz4Epd14dhSpcydZvMqh6iQZcjnV3NGpPF1LdC0Mw1ga3jxaFxFNf8FvY9~0g~NheiCSCoU5XSpuzKKwz9k~2Ic-XlFjNkOcgQcdL~zbW2njCFByE6mNevYNzrDdKMVsxKh-A~2pIJ3ytWhg235iJZDoCFImcBFPwHVu3OmKpqKbIoica7mU1pHYjxCNVvy--nrDyOQrEcRky4mraLJnGEUwlbBU9u0yj3NdZkog5S8MkscaitI6BiCGeKPZsYHmShwGeifT4JCZLa~FJJ7Tn8z7azH0E3ccsdjfs1oKPE1V2YC8da8N0RgNbfnym1JPNl7T-q0o2z-o~FlAfogGruBQAEAAcAAA==
# purplechan.i2p: tyiwxpgs7syjvz3cha3uckaxgondtiktlsvriebyy4qmzgbaj3gq.b32.i2p
purplechan.i2p=1r0IK-FcZW3acwNiMPLdZXtyFpY~2qZPUlTyI7RD8nh7yD0HPNLNEEVKEZYyM38B~22q-yiVVyu7rSoKyHe-r1T8T~~PEXHLCLsLdWPEDnfNJ4bxsxL~JWyeWDtgqHgutroqUkmMHc5Okepslqd5lyFIdeIiOBZAj~-bOn6nOCcmtq0-HBwuBNZaq8Y115g5Eqw0X3oYXIxYCVoVvKbOMmkLEfb2HVsrJXhZzg-SWNUhnzIuVAkplXIkYTTct30XVPEQGD84w4s0ADasqAX86GKMnTP21Uw6YrD98Eks8jjNFqKsm6Aj8u7uG0pmsR4Y7xQDALfBnBILYCuTVVx3V3GiQlml37zqLxBE5BcCt9R76Ie04Zdq1gnWO8eCpPxNw5jGB4SMT0BxtFy594Nh6qD~wsyW-k-N1Apqol93RZjL8fsZzp63o-orgiOKRQJXkkPI6tzlfDjCJ9PjP~mfzHYVGsXWoN3yd8~Rdrb9vtkS5jSDAbvEI-0kQpe8n4sLBQAEAAcAAA==
# push.git.repo.i2p: jef4g5vxnqybm4zpouum3lzbl6ti6456q57nbyj5kfyldkempm3a.b32.i2p
push.git.repo.i2p=Mau9Jcsspec4cbDlrkt5zdxN-kq9SG9GxtvOQ6wBhgJKxRyEvZG4oqGs5N6oO6tbhwWarYhT28ctVWCAfo9FhU6nsO085p6qQKwpccYQwo0a1~8iw1oBqiLXrobZk0~bnwQFMKCVWekyx8HTxz9KwQiMRPlDKcBmxQXQHr~IXdUfcXvCFheYToqkks6D-~6jygHMaa14tEJd6VewZFYseM-YIXMzKop4sYuh8belTL1BdIY2du57ANNhcalFEOsSso~ZVkxgdBKULuKQvDbHqbp7rRI5WRU2pqpcdbPKYV5WES7r-t16vdLNB-6kK3iUt2KtaU-lJg02x8LzvtUAL44hJQRGg5Z3JyWYdWVjL05gVraA7-69vGvad2~OcvlcAYwAsqioxjulSO3I4dw9oOtUf5DuMeXj7~x6l0sJF5YHjADJcmesr4NnZFXiY~WEX3zsVnVxtq4YgFsKMT2wpC2fP05TrT11vlvGVeUzJ3HKyQHLXGxN~fcZqJQmRmT2AAAA
# pvsur.i2p: pvsurxi2hz2n45kfrj5b3ny6ko4ipj2u2piftjen44npkpnbwh6q.b32.i2p
pvsur.i2p=NPIgKrnmLRH2izn1xdkSKRAm3Yy4jeKTyIMoZsT8uX5f4gC2n2IMeLBUjF5v8g-vEeLxmNHHjJLcwHO6ZjhIQoYa-R4J1m5Iz8QAzXvAVN2SYwzAedCeuFIc8XpUCsM0IV0e7jvjmZr3B0lo6Ltxh2m4y4RFzyetr4PQWppuWX8QlRo4saGpTz9Rpnfn1HnIwL8n1qy~wX3FgKZBb~s5W3LiIZxd92e3Sw28mz6aXkYNDBihO09-hj9FZ5lZd5xw8ql6yszY0HGMEQqnT0WjkTa9dIHLnC7nFJ~0l59zvr-Jw1xl2qcmI9NCPfbajGoMnMXVVUuJnXO0H6ABCPivzI3WGRb5LjpzmIZFo3Sh0Tv0lppVhDiZ-ITQoq8ziSDigqwD5NfmWXumHVYkVsGxSJU11yPahfmA6AAydEr6bk7ekbRj-qH6fSnYznusAer3VPGkBGUe6kqLTZRIvlmf9QP8dCaN9SE3j9KbRvMHOnH1ClzFrruQwacPaTMljgOvBQAEAAcAAA==
# pwcq.i2p: hcwrhp454aj2jen6clgkw5odw7pvtixhf5dnqsx5ax4vkbxybk7q.b32.i2p
pwcq.i2p=bVPi5neQxhK4ISP2eBFIsuHPp8G-aajJ-6BGHisf~MMNmV38eSj-vYUD-pKrY4h6jhWg4G8Wh~0GW0qjzyWvJ-xnhlK5xz5LZB5rCZKjugVegkehyUri0pSie41ljEk6j0VDnA0KYepPEUT-d2rJL3H6YxUNuJL9aVQgpTiSxPOV2pVBUbBCClnPN-nrDIlYh-V8tgzqKvnVviElXyD0ph0Wt3FXfpwnfTvBXlBigk53b1z64XbH8iboj8rVgtmWyP6hf9hW6RtTDej6pZkZf-rJusURlVrlY30OL~S-cTv5bK6YN5b8T9xALS9yZeU8G9~EoZEcnK-S0VbirSmcjMfoIlG~lG~qyPyVfGOr-oyoQfHm19vmuJRDCAvcEq-OZCikhBeAfmO74ZYHs9yDeyUDmUGYLR9jvox~3~hGAZDA4kbdvQEsJX35wKHAOwsVErU8jhW0z21y-Qo0aI0jjkYa-GugXVgWnsQOLQX6Nw6SOGSGROmfcc2UzrGY5x18BQAEAAcAAA==
# qorg11.i2p: ivusryc5mfrroomm6s5no4badevf7djzlgzlwarce33no2bsyi3q.b32.i2p
qorg11.i2p=K3lKQbWDZlII4Jzvw7QP8auI6ygFQIJ1ZXlnNACfPeGyDTt2E922VT5BwDtF4JJp2B6iuHOqDYSsNQrV0raWpqYsTq50rdEsJvBI-zxZFV5bgVQhIdi8jhp6hPOX8Dp-rQLdI954vwuwMuhpxHOTJQmL5FB6wETUbPdt-2Q59K9b0c8NVDwMm7DSaklcxaqe9VZ11KtTD6UOW5YDRs5RIjYfgB2UlE0-xgAE8D87nGnnHHL6ORE4xGScWu1z~Yg5qp0lKqoohuajCPOpKFdHFzp4Izwp2FS5gGKdMNxVKaUXe9M46errJ8crfdHYDE3iewUFcFsqhHXgQnlFRSV17Z0QX9aH6dqsXlyMso4JahJhGx1kedk1MBAnLtCLuUdd330JKiPZ~8pCMcv34dUd1~X6i3FNcENWiNRhPEJdXqLGzVPzA4o7tuMdgvx0ltLkFXappS~X3X0~Nks9up5DPGj7XGWD6xgNtfPxh6dv3zft7HWrlPJd~u0QeZ7keQfrBQAEAAcAAA==
# qtmhkr.i2p: 2jj2ikxixz372qzxcdmgkwpzu6kek3mjsvwtzctdkapacfg2epzq.b32.i2p
qtmhkr.i2p=~ifKXH32gtu~IN9xFCXYv253KTNGH-x55eBEr7ul8EtJ-lp-7IcKnz9~boa7zwdx6gqIqHdK~B8kwxeDmbHX120iFA0oAdmzBKLc3oglnTrUOyuzbUwpilHHrFGTSn0D8013gQsS5FB4-XR1mBUkf35BedLS8CvwF2B39ONQ-4Ol85tC65JXjCwhp6sqUtPtQQ8anebwHXvFYwIsHPjvo~PMnYs7-30yiTN3nnzqxIYbeN1oGFnLpU4cfPsKSBwHjBnirapGrwvlih6E7k6Fn2NZ~PeVwareH7ma4TbPi5r9Rb2zxfAe~9br5y6VFTmLu7NSCTZfz9COttsYEqJg7mM3W0E4fCxEG~ox1ocrjmKzRyKasOAnL8BWz~j2D~XDNwgXc0pgpMR0JdggTdP2lTtkNYDKa7mGNSeoIMRvu0Py6Xrk2lzhdsA27anIUZwQBLPhpLyLwxeJs4KMUElTPK4qhxgEL4zzjnweeuSKWLCrzVeFTS6A0e5eRB~ey4pcBQAEAAcAAA==
# query.i2p: qzdh2potcfrqcwl2oejkidsyggaspvi63gfggmlz2xrhjkrnazda.b32.i2p
query.i2p=y8CEjrlwrB3CEsPVtVLYg533dTjTtgE-4uZneTKlotu-3usdHFbCfH3CiGcYLbgfSB~37G~KiE7eyziGNvYJJw0PViMifpmuojRzA9gE3CDHIZjeb57uXKf05H2RvT1qCFkNuDouDy1l7k5W-6q6ET-bDhVSx3ugwVtTt6jKpzlRvjEsHIS~ragcwTP93nR4tFp6h81-qqKcZnIVlVNSSrxZVW9VSo3E2uqwI8eRkwbsDNKm8aRR55x2fKsw9S8kWDXuA7Hu8LMdJF68Varxx4UTjhDYR4iYnw5rzsJVy~JXbTsTcKKEQFcLOLrqDCYzEa39cI8yVV4p6jU4q02wLvT2GpeqBqUu9j2BIojHIW6X~Xelekd0BG2kz038dBjMmEB6syMCzEhLLwQqBJ6yRyxMGMZLlCV~dl~lFQPopmSojcNkjgTqhEqVXk4W6ZsQijJ1bfgPwHWQRINeLobsbHOQQYbGtYLrOcx5EC86qlGAKBTQxR0fzuh1AKq5NnRbBQAEAAcAAA==
# quest.idk.i2p: k6stkvw3jr6of4j5g3pu34jowfpl4k4jiqih3yozhcvinkok56aa.b32.i2p
quest.idk.i2p=1kkHH0y-E7gTGSO4~n5twM~QXN-DDQMLtMsx73T43Q2Ze~bWYBw6V~goNRPHXGXtrOrGd2uPWhBawlCVKOq9SvhWPA0GBygtMRHgCNTzQ2emVnpP80LLYerKoCVST761RT3iMEq~Bdcs0ViIrquNBqiw7rNuq4TxrwGMJQaUwvo5iJ5AN7ahrgVp-OPvPx6QtuHIgtVIGiuaLnrlwHTHiE40M3nOTwtc5vM9lThT~7VT3r~nmoyNgsMjxuVIDTDd3nNHBhx25ykwTjIF69-DuhRUuUVWZMKIg9Kp9TY4oG8cOaB2lDyZneYparT3fgxnFMWY6gjhUHrYTpmi7UH1zWS6IIKmZdUwFxAgQBcjNus7kJ2tYwymQO4s1UJxWzBuwhUg7NIAX7C~T9JS5FFy1W96-p1ZmstA6G7At1b5mYi71cC~~3SR2GZAN3SW7pVz4ElwdIHsrdqxF7pwMbiF72ZQnFhUsgGVMLRXRIJmlCVhn9k5iWB-x7BJ6KJ2uRRzBQAEAAcAAA==
# r2.postman.i2p: ahsplxkbhemefwvvml7qovzl5a2b5xo5i7lyai7ntdunvcyfdtna.b32.i2p
r2.postman.i2p=lnQ6yoBTxQuQU8EQ1FlF395ITIQF-HGJxUeFvzETLFnoczNjQvKDbtSB7aHhn853zjVXrJBgwlB9sO57KakBDaJ50lUZgVPhjlI19TgJ-CxyHhHSCeKx5JzURdEW-ucdONMynr-b2zwhsx8VQCJwCEkARvt21YkOyQDaB9IdV8aTAmP~PUJQxRwceaTMn96FcVenwdXqleE16fI8CVFOV18jbJKrhTOYpTtcZKV4l1wNYBDwKgwPx5c0kcrRzFyw5~bjuAKO~GJ5dR7BQsL7AwBoQUS4k1lwoYrG1kOIBeDD3XF8BWb6K3GOOoyjc1umYKpur3G~FxBuqtHAsDRICkEbKUqJ9mPYQlTSujhNxiRIW-oLwMtvayCFci99oX8MvazPS7~97x0Gsm-onEK1Td9nBdmq30OqDxpRtXBimbzkLbR1IKObbg9HvrKs3L-kSyGwTUmHG9rSQSoZEvFMA-S0EXO~o4g21q1oikmxPMhkeVwQ22VHB0-LZJfmLr4SAAAA
# r4sas.i2p: 2gafixvoztrndawkmhfxamci5lgd3urwnilxqmlo6ittu552cndq.b32.i2p
r4sas.i2p=ABQFq3xLCaQ4wCOuL2rMdwPyQwVz1xrktkLMLShZJo2L7VZJgfTBWbfUWHCzWXKcIzxmzjcnvRfp5Y5udL1HmU5CVZ2bp1jis3FPgjcJoGqcsM7w~Lad5aYkf7If8IcH7DIpavJt3ch~yxt8571CVmv2F9R4TorSOnc04kHkOrqjIyHGHCN7TsyZ23FtADGM7uaRdEk8Cbtx6905ZW4mrc1AW6F6YqiLCnSC8vLEH80ELTR3FTTkveGenKg-9ITGW3X-99qcCvp-Br1QlUAyV-XorUym2dkpWPWDV2WXUZEX6WdQMBOvU0gQ6ig6WsNBvrKXop6R4Q333gsT7XkXSg5~I74c9ntFVuewZYbfuwu-ws-4Gb2ZyRVkccUpt1AYgruXwqyxLkx4GFVN4EYX0N~JYKPaU1yb7Xw~nnCVXH5uAbeIv3glAleK4huUfqK-1ZJRy0h81ualE--XLEsOEKNGFW8bleltl~6MxGSOiEaMawHHICW2FdCEmebG6JJHBQAEAAEAAA==
# raccoondad.i2p: utoagugf3imr6mpjsithhnpvvvyehsnebisovn6kqn4vma6va3ca.b32.i2p
raccoondad.i2p=oOk5PE8yKPk9HHfevRRIKkZy8MOWqvbi3aM0bFhbao7S1882gsynJ9BpGatE5y-X2ThjR0m92ab5tWPyvqQY9fMcEKvSNsyd9aOXou2boUnqqajQRhsARWX4oh-mPTaUfykHaH~RL0hng98E-Ub5m58AffXoSd6Fk~QmmWBhQQUMvXf~hyK1jQM8dIYrdpslTJG~HjZInyWbCxUYH5j0lNMSbyRJdHVK9~-MLj33aBtaFIFymDrX-Ipmy18WL5keT9bJu6lc2JeutfisYrvhHP~MQCEq3PfIrahfCcIZRU62oMtmsbDSCVY6v16NEJGhxIl3I1efnmj~g1GSHAi3SBwGRsDFRx-GH1G2j3iOnup92FQ5hCET7h7z8yW5xEhbpDaXgkX-JPd7DKcmvX1C-LNT9ywjZfbN9DKLYQDxk27CqFLryiWaWBt9SwIONnuaXbdNlQJN1xgrDwREAn8sTpqhUvY4hwOpklYBvK-XpNRJxDRDuOdzocSRwr9G2ATfBQAEAAcAAA==
# radio.arav.i2p: plkybcgxt4cdanot75cy3pbnqlbqcsrib2fmrpsnug4bqphqvfda.b32.i2p
radio.arav.i2p=NfCKBu9vjLFiBMEPQGiZT9AzGlhkKHzYrKM66FL-ESeDbnYUY--NzukO9UA28s3WThhDQVge2TmyfYsaZiUw~AjuLsykxS13pebs7lkAVY1jm77La-eFFIAQ22Vtd2YgS0vbhRMzuDxKkCR1vPwNax8R2o6a07xsQvvDml6UQxG4p5vt44JA2geQNvQfm8cEiSa6gNJZJSW3rWuLDg6~1Jy3D70oSVSlNfihmG4JtNV6tVBjJE2h5gUxfhYZACttpGTPM~UNF~lrSujlBQsCqdzvLswdMw~FnvpfGzJcJroeFTerRyH6oUkkDSOK7uWwl0e70vKxrIbFgJjKtjlLWlUCI5N0TnJP4Hzt2pttB~R0hSr2vVl8ky0yJEtN3rwnrJkw7q0ZIH30ngTfxsCTbolAzl6liN9Ez5YF97zDOPnVFmvQ6Eg1PyFdypQO1PiUHqF56SWhx3utGwecUS6jJCvsKIJJVEIMVcD6h7S0z1g1rqQ4jbg5UfXPwFEgFOlzBQAEAAcAAA==
# radio.idk.i2p: do6kiqcn4zdsquzavxrxpvwwl6nizptjbhtkgqm3yzfidtcmu2hq.b32.i2p
radio.idk.i2p=Cvr39DAydBr7gfjuDbT05aVly9VLtPKRCCA6nApP9lmySvRDHIx42BLkAz6RdEgK1xGAyj1iTsFjOb8aq0mUdMzWeZXAihzrI14EAA0EKxYchS8mxZ8by0nNoGv1dzFUKIsndKWHnXsnOLaReUNi4tC4ADP49CY-cYJYhzcRK1URu-IiabypT8CvTy6t9n3jw0uKqRmDISxSLdhRTU7d8n~t-mzgOnLKJxDe88EVrYpO17r4Xm1IWfa2ETG7ex5GBrhA6QZZPY2op9GkbzslXOmdlseuKSIZBUdhKY4XcrU-xvPc35T~kjVEWwLmHrt030eezd-sm~PTHimxh-8NnZavcaBtz8kJPWml6iaRk83Ay-GUstI8sRprtjIXi5BoJ~qw9X6SnNjrOstC7~DqXa8MkRTTtmHQm7tFGBLe3ZJV~jU4RxHloYj-1fsTytBBND3oA50~i0cct86l4Y3AjvcGiT8wQj4ETMOqnvKuhML8mpaiRJMLfzyk0WTXTbogBQAEAAcAAA==
# radio.r4sas.i2p: cv72xsje5ihg6e24atitmhyk2cbml6eggi6b6fjfh2vgw62gdpla.b32.i2p
radio.r4sas.i2p=UJG2XcJAjI7nbM~aRkkX460PWGXkiwoJCXdT~V65TQESJO3l97blUncEPBL0Avzra-VlqJI4EIAIbhbSZri2DvF1a2f-X4FVO0NSfovgKP7R1qxTeGHSxi8K81m~eiu~vP~yt0eUcgmp~jGaNmH701vJ6SSfGe1vlsgCzvULFrvrBxgDBNwjTD-Xq8yxQKOY9H59g~Y-7wp~G6Zt4hcUR44ZaRmXs1dBY7C5YhMfkymR4awdrN8BZ-MQ89XYLeEj~UKJ-rs43NBmBUV4bV9FCIydHyuJrQqZfLaAhpgL9nWIxS8aSaxodI9nKvuwcgV02jqAOkUG1lODXEXeIIyIy74NQ86~eoPEsVUzPahFJTdADd73XMDh-hgJ3rixM-kwrSU0-H2XjwHKEig5bYASHvEfslQgBiAFmsFfnwL7GEkGsjjcZpWSp4JHe6QKgCe3kkg1UkMz0ikhUNH9W~FzvJLXTNBTphdglouzslkG~eXQXIqzBmYDr1tYeBqjHsWZBQAEAAEAAA==
# radioliberty.i2p: libertyx5gywnmn4snrr2fborvugmthl2x5vf3rh43v3744kmpwa.b32.i2p
radioliberty.i2p=OyC3La9p-jeJKL8W-Ph9hEBFzYiUmA0l77j0h2g-LPQ5RfZ7WcufDPXosSISyiZK8Mh0YICnwLnSOQkksBuAXWNEr4hWen-pNegB1OxNRK5CYSrggMH2eQKpxYJ40PGbkFxVoVs30IEHpnXEeC28-unBULJyWD~RhXeaLaXxN-LlCYpWL7ukgvXG04R0O-DLB45d4lmNQHZXN0Yvhkyn7m3RQ3UGyY6RfWLBJWjgUMfdI~J-KL5MxV0UZr7uFzpbgwoMI~9ocuP9yD7qVjhMTlAyB74W0OLUGek62t~cBSX1gVO3JNgyDY5hjw~l23bMddmh5hcla7gJ6nj7r7rKHFnqPz4t9oFz4mVZ5ANqB8mUERLrRzaNsexsKMPsoFPhSkO9Yq3rPK~JAJXFT591tXJEYshy99j~Ab~Jab8ywqh1-fadAQAAAJrTPxljpUQgQSBsFCZI3Q7Ohox5yEWQaGYps-qPicb8234xTo2sOv9auUcVNkr-~Pdz~Dz1hPHlBQAEAAcAAA==
# ramble.i2p: smv3cryi3n7d5ll7xpvlhstubi5yj4dadeltyrdwdr4onwd2jvvq.b32.i2p
ramble.i2p=xyOqhmjnO6Sc-t~2aeSW31bNkYTmhfHdQ7lYV-ENZ2AtkzMm4EsuNZLBQ9pMLV5ADc7lB1~l0q6jB~qstXL~vkIyPjfLWFSma0bCawCLgQrnC4RB3cbYxCF4CrD~-6Vb2GvV4jhrEnBLixtTqXMtW00otmuuzwWS80Pus4laOy066PuPPZR9QebY18W5Ae7-Hgaz92KNjtkkFe3IjPi05vM0g3rLiXpL-69hgyEy-1plJikdGD4wtiPmHr6utB5GVXvU4pBI0g-0CW9-OXDjAZLwBK33hVIGgDudYOmxiw-mAi227AIZBS~t-uQJHsyRZ0FWs0Kmj2mGupqz2fThuUW-UNOJL3FyvgTJawZ5Y4y0-76szgc~o6s33fnTQTwD1UdGXAy1TcRsUh16wyR-3lS8Ig6foTlzTD-LO0PF7WSWZzatwk6aQdTgjNW72a33DISA7Ry6G5M9J321XHyA52SpkbyqPxSj-BjqZX-vGozShBe1Q3fgkFzUPTnax-QNBQAEAAcAAA==
# randomstuff.i2p: hugrw6pq5akvnhpjlsca7ycksqlc7myva7ah3wkspoi2etj6awjq.b32.i2p
randomstuff.i2p=eVhbWTdOdnBAiWJ4EDB-MMm4wFOn9AGJGa7U9bQrB4VQQCY9-3e~zZwAPD4SgjiUl6ZXJOF-brKRd1Hb1Gt5Ey50jxj9BeiIhllSJr84voyG0uhp879M6fDmKi-WTtnZV6VZawFaDeIG0SgYybWm3L3i1TRlAW7-84xu3HONOJQOaxhsxCWVz7GvKkQ5e~V1NdcdStmO~wegVlQK6rkdyMsCCkh0s6YVueorgOyWHV6jj-wH5ZYwtBAeZLiNHtZHICqZnQ5c0owt42AGf3T2wf41kIZQK95sjzPRkM5jRibfybhCCmUeQsDWkIATzic0wZU4ssZziRnuEWP7OM9EdSjRXrteDCRTAY20Gov1QkKGi54of5~hT~LgRovh7sbF6pR8sPlwBNgVPzGydQ3v9b1cRoMtSFFcnALDeKdQOChf2pyfgXHBQrYPK8-dPHZwYvjLav6RZFeAvRczvoUJDLGUygQYLCG7EcFXkVES9CsCgJVxZ5GctyzzT7AtW~PIBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=kL0i9E882af33FuTUIbsHDK9~lJiOaZGMlxBHOkocxSUdo2cci32BVpiXx2hcZWiKrFoU8HVXAa5jXAo0bPoDQ==#date=1601887430
# ransack.i2p: mqamk4cfykdvhw5kjez2gnvse56gmnqxn7vkvvbuor4k4j2lbbnq.b32.i2p
ransack.i2p=7FmMjK~LbuSoDOC2i4fkCOtDQTSbL1F-2yMjYUVAEhqLX~U3WY2QbbBDJae~qROVHhTQLjCKaFLHH-4qrxcPGXAvBGuKQRYOkv2KcPferSpoQtdHWoG4Bzcy8VpqOMf7daYRxa3Xk7u6dUcQhRxt8xDNazlIgM~DTgFiqLf6NT4u4HCQ5BT5x1VxcuuQ6zXBNlaNjLM2FCkk0TMHMb8K1W3nPdj83VuZUIwka5BxkOrjHBkL7qc-CNGf-RGUM4IdQkeGiWlJb8qKjvFQZmxXHKD5-VcNENNucjR1G0Z3WL2YXx9~AIleUJvuqc4fY1P5OMc1TtcgAPBxZokKDHd98ScEIMZmehcGzqqVQk1Rvv2g9JUCviB6B~fld07bN59OIzsAOb~JmG~lxLS~F3NtyfAaxj0ZiBWLugVrEkNUuRNosbshmXYjYsjixNnyIT9KbAp5RpFXtrs0Ane9LsUbge1M-Ay4Onoqsp2rmm~qA6kWnWATDK93QoeKAOI4ZklZBQAEAAcAAA==
# rany.i2p: tcnai23pvo6asfmefl23cllpp3vgrgp2jhtjare7vhloyzwm2pma.b32.i2p
rany.i2p=DuK9miNtxWfSNaSc7I6F0VeSnAPws~K8uJZ492-aLVADbJJHo8L8rNZHe5JhXfuBz19l9UNiwK1sZIJcBfhw~UhuaFfbGZE4-Ry8DUUi8JNyRBe-n7ujwBH2QD59hYu~VC2iBIZSABLCnATCYH6S5KPQNCVBE7J6ahZF0SQcCsNDiQwB5ZjTxVi3Fd2LyN~MO8OqhOZsljXZPC2zwTyRTY0dcJCsNriGJpT77GNMuG5I4e0oVTpysk0ueZ9xSh07P9MmFizzFZBKPjq8hcSMmJA72yQUG2icTJlwCSsWhWDmOCINE8aftX0Z5~TGK7b9JRhwG6anYYGEUbHr8mpnKoDYCxf88Roo46MRYLzzIyRhbQRM9-QAtnJIaRlOYvvtp95hz770WcpFEqHY6brGVRJBmhhrCrMqsW-IKtvwHR7L3CYAdl2tZWEzIbQ8bTIlHCWXxnW4qANu7X8qc0bR384gkmfc0Ohy2YdsW5T62889a4s5z96~k0efK~5wT58mBQAEAAcAAA==
# rascal2021.i2p: y4toqblsg46zgdm6wdimp5yyt4qzun54f3mtpckukpnjowph4o7a.b32.i2p
rascal2021.i2p=92Pw-CaWMy0DkVBJ2sjTkMGfFj45fu~yhOo762URnk7MpNwvkUsF9sfhvJw4wj8Asah3x9Npnfi~7f-Z2Z7y00xnb6d0BFR0SMyuLKzHKVpgughyk27EyaSdKj5hr-PKK4NUlneLwckiyUhO0C7uvDxkcBLIocvELuKJZF11UX4xUl1gqpPNjG8VhPjjaXq5d92LsEshZCA4W9nf1AQi8HBEKEaU8bDEyqIO7ov8vpJaD2Ee~s1hcTS4kFNUauFZRtHN3YYAdL93SUNELj3ufzjakOaNxFuf9NSFIVCzsb43jBOBFjXupt2Qs86k-vBjFA6Ce13bdhjpIK7Mg~Xp9QgHpka39EPCp140EedIX8pYraMqn5aDw-ziXlx~~wFeGk~JQewPJh21TEhV2AVw-yBvoatH4~OAM7myfKMFdIzItE-XkF6ZcgXrJsbE4Tu~Dtj55ekv6JqH89WvuKxQJyexbX0tMBlF6OHCXfmq~noNiz0e-SYpEtYF0DFYuRubBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=EYDjgly0CfyG9P1Xf2crokYA-apfPlaeP00ngx3t~F2UY5rJK5fR5sBR3iI9cF4sa58NolgeZKi65NjSwgyHCQ==#date=1637091491
# rdpstudio.i2p: uyavpc2nsu5fuwxjqwstshrui2u7yt55tihtbcumvtww2dmhnlda.b32.i2p
rdpstudio.i2p=4v~3CUzOpnw5jvs7W7X9jqBZmpI97boIxGQT2RbjWXLqq3MrfKacO5u1TURk0zJj35RNM3YbsoOgbaU-MzbmCL1qh0iaRX54eZV9CBGkA0GMeHAuIJB5eQTyyCvzu5tpxiG1ScMPfaqlVc5RXuuuXK8ndHtZZ8sNJ-FSEDcA4e67pgtr8jOl2yA8qMHdaazKxJnizKUlihMrf3VnutIdcgyxiWUQCyoA5RywmGuT6w5G32r4h2UEp7~z8xHhF6sXvnjBsCAbWhxtdxwJIhQC6Ym7cXvj1Fg49vrl9BFRBkzTkNv1uT59fVaNPgbyxzkKbrjNGkl2yDyH1wcKHcVQ7m2j-ZRqJjYouV3WU5FsZb2JeqFZzYZ70qNCHnZbLJdY3Z3Xp15do-Ik5zdNo7uDPD0hlicXcFyV7Danks-7ym8O7uvMao9DfEaR-Kvj5XRbtBI4GlNvO2GgpgJ5hQTe7hMGP8wBiocM-ji2vmVDpTtycE7oOcMuvzC8U072GayvBQAEAAcAAA==
# rebel.i2p: nch2arl45crkyk6bklyk2hrdwjf5nztyxdtoshy6llhwqgxho5jq.b32.i2p
rebel.i2p=ySSkcN3Xg9tvoZVqD5-4fVACz2da4CjZg-FowRzf7y1LWIYRe-RsJiNRxGj3rldZ~lXdVGuBwOYZlK6j2bhLDYvxX6VAqi9spBoqE752U80hR6A~yorMVbCshQCRyJbRsC2g5wfU6Yw9-uqswe~WM6r29BTCVJnF4ZKZaPRVc7IWF8dUj2JFjFYm10D2jy03~YjWhiMJ48RvDHqTDftQ1H5TyZrJ9odp97~DwsCPHnlTO5XDSL8zDUwUvamaJ74UZZhEITQaKMQGmHYYfzBfdy9IyXrOXDFAHoV6rV7lIkuIYWcz5dvbXM7-b6Sc0rw94diY9fJMn6jJQPOFy9hC~g-8iKGeVSM4Z12CJZhDI7IwVm2JboKsYS5GBCePNvnKbrQgce3NVLISTr8j-xk1gJ5drmZtbJqY2QkrtN~3tO7rW5D5TpqbPKXKvT9x78atBoJvgNRjvTEmLONTtvueWpI2j8iwguw2jHPx3jq7LyTpNhuCn52ghv1FNgGxENlaAAAA
# reddawn648.bnet.i2p: e3ez3tyqaotkpye2yms347iysdwwqgluxlgzdfg3cqfh4uyv3lba.b32.i2p
reddawn648.bnet.i2p=UI~GxWDFZwvt3410uDNmzegaBanoRdqRaXFlxzUNuEI7sfxxXD895ZUJ7AjLv4Qw9mKaInFjyRCDXytu697JgaMIQx6KrUbLHdu8gPN9PxLkzQ1T1fxsaoeIV9QHswP8Bo26NZQv705Q~A21f8hTpoTknOruJk3u6TpXsIKU7x-XAIHIUXjbYbyb-xdcPmhIUuX-6n8VxvmWOVFcJvZ~ivHFlPyQZFpCwUvcPk5uVuu2Qh2-t05cbnqGvTQOjNBCmyTJ-G~qR0kcUT8g4NIww3dQL7Fbcrzy0eI90EVggi8AlwrqHZQ-Pce8TC4Bf29ZdL2hGrT2H~UBG16YF~2adARXagx9nBBVtfbstzAn4xjZyHsWKMqc37BWf9wmNqweVjKAQStb09jF47uwERTzblPVG7H1JRnDsGCFrXfcBtyQ~ed-~I7CTcgjaf6cHSu7H4hDFox5OBCRjd3ysQPj~E1QS9wpDymOSe4YjrIGuZvY7Q3oWo5evUeWB0aNhQV4BQAEAAcAAA==
# redzara.i2p: ty7bt62rw5ryvk44dd3v5sua6c7wnbpxxqb6v4dohajmwmezi7va.b32.i2p
redzara.i2p=X11wIDxPBZ5p08Eifivuv3-xDW~k4CMyjBky2xIyOgGNsNfktxSGWNQ-cjhVYY1-FLZheX~8SdUBEa8FGb20jKtkfsKBmejbkZFhpQ53oHUITj5kN5WPcr06ORB~Ofska637DSzJs5ZVLQb13wNVXqtuKc-JDJa~kanQPsc60-D~Vu7LKKRYMKsUJx5xz9knr2TaLdDmGlzjOcbII4dw-7WBhydLEm9DhEHuaCReuoT3nSv5aCRyXuzf~PcBrT1gmoTLEAf-GxxZdGqNf5GWQ48IzZUVoR3NR1lKS4JbQNBfhC6S~~FrY-2~u5RRwF6HrNQfYEdKmnQqf6euahOpkD0pEMIqQdkWG2L2DZP9BWZBebxQxpv~4FNeRj-7ltpeipiut2yx3QSDLXrvWtkRRRcx2WugIp8svaR98e5yZ1nztx4H-LE7BbuNeIlITjo7lG-ddRspoJ29G1neRoQdYMhpFHFaNZfNWvPDu9DQ7w1Ryn-n1YZWvfFUYaMUeOYOAAAA
# reg.rus.i2p: k2r2wda4eavt4hoq5hptprqfmixusirq3gi5bl3z2pqzcd6felwa.b32.i2p
reg.rus.i2p=Vfu8GjSHAt7ouMS-mEXy3K3k4dvwbt4-ARJJ9b6j4ar4TuxI9rzzdw9wF88ZjuFkYu0bYq01kCVZJdKUaHAl4225hcg8KEcdEu4geSFkQyQ9obUI9ftoGpBLwtr1gOgmWmjk84Fscw4htb9Xp6O9EZywNhf4VJglD2a1k0WlGoSBJsWEWIPtfDmA~-v9kSYl2bS5V-IZBP4G~EmafLlbXYKXREduB-KJIlULMfctXr3VYpvmDOvd9iFyCibiJU8Nds38GIO1c5vFR1R32hQShIYWlE1sVnqiZAl8sPLtqSRjqyIcnDJ4x-ra0HEN8PAAnfAxq61GHJ1rJEYQ4l6WASVZzyTwCWhthKoUnKFWaEjr-1vIju8XGA6DL7KSUV-VpIOB2BJ9YITG0WCVCPlNmF~907nUcFf8tnGGNR7mqvmbfA039EDD9grFOdY98QNKowQrcApflkG4V96DgWVm0WKKANYkNOtLpykGJ7RrpplzHWkvZQlvFXmIiMe4CRV8AAAA
# repo.i2p: uxe3lqueuuyklel23sf5h25zwgqgjwsofrqchhnptd5y6pedzbxa.b32.i2p
repo.i2p=1j9lWOJm-~vrFP3kaOYYiYDj486Y2t5NJwXF5T3CE1Xk8-bTueh6tQAVBYasZRRC6-nHgcsyD0g9BwcJH3ZJI8TpWiMNka3ZhxWG68ZfcZw4OnQ~OoEWGEm7q-zBNY9rAkxWXDp8Mn6FaVF3xkhzO5RzSqLl1vedgAkS~CceckzfWliPCZ1oNlt2QOZDgY9iP1LCsHrxRd~oHHJn4vSNhOAFld9BShCoM3Qiwtbu70QoichQ~rOCTdKMGHoFteeILblsy0yLNVaD~5MMsYr0wB91M-QnKAN3yKLLuJqNEXF9BYUoCGrPHFO7YkKJ3mNMWXvjjSjvJEzxHh9VlAVxjQpje~0bLvzV4KjGLuovIzbpgBRhBQftm~cxY8thY6jndiR2XfLWHWgSs6pIA-IIR73PaI2zMZEFkbxHmxZxccKFqAIkzjcsYHn3dk9kewY-HCW28zWBrGWhhBp4YP-WptsBy9LtGN6nqiEH7bTIzaGLz8DcAN2HylA1UzhagS0ZAAAA
# repo.i2pd.i2p: ymzx5zgt6qzdg6nhxnecdgbqjd34ery6mpqolnbyo5kcwxadnodq.b32.i2p
repo.i2pd.i2p=EfKLJfOITMmq7AGYkWaM10IL3C3kO4HrSSLRJ0E4shJuB59cV~iIf48JO3ybkGAuF5U8XkVK3tsoMo4FLfXCMqnUFQ6iBEWPEICFSOTew9cJJnMvqNmU-zS0lqAWuU96r4-25W7aehUMJFYcWS8h9QAhwuuIXC-heHp2Bx3lt-dB0z55Y9CTkRevkkaJqntpGjBsVU1blfHzFnmtYjYl39jQLWPF25oNJS6zcIZgM4I95C6qBy8djCD0xXIpraJdYxhPajbnWy6TIx9Do73bMWOogXolfMtRoaiWytCJapo55c~Q92-7HXZD9sWFJW5nWyklqqM5XOmm1l6c3bpsOJB4Knwxi9tZNKKvdtV0yFwPjRz6s9sbqyiFF3FIMgs8OAGRvF1qZ9AvXUyguSuUAxW2FH1Vj6Ae4O6TfSQRmK7J411PUy0EvOaltbf0tHLKlBaA7A9YXM5VwYMGBuRr~VwL74aEybtYuVoGvc-mSt6OCAlSVPzBmRGopiNIlRQFBQAEAAEAAA==
# repo.r4sas.i2p: ymzx5zgt6qzdg6nhxnecdgbqjd34ery6mpqolnbyo5kcwxadnodq.b32.i2p
repo.r4sas.i2p=EfKLJfOITMmq7AGYkWaM10IL3C3kO4HrSSLRJ0E4shJuB59cV~iIf48JO3ybkGAuF5U8XkVK3tsoMo4FLfXCMqnUFQ6iBEWPEICFSOTew9cJJnMvqNmU-zS0lqAWuU96r4-25W7aehUMJFYcWS8h9QAhwuuIXC-heHp2Bx3lt-dB0z55Y9CTkRevkkaJqntpGjBsVU1blfHzFnmtYjYl39jQLWPF25oNJS6zcIZgM4I95C6qBy8djCD0xXIpraJdYxhPajbnWy6TIx9Do73bMWOogXolfMtRoaiWytCJapo55c~Q92-7HXZD9sWFJW5nWyklqqM5XOmm1l6c3bpsOJB4Knwxi9tZNKKvdtV0yFwPjRz6s9sbqyiFF3FIMgs8OAGRvF1qZ9AvXUyguSuUAxW2FH1Vj6Ae4O6TfSQRmK7J411PUy0EvOaltbf0tHLKlBaA7A9YXM5VwYMGBuRr~VwL74aEybtYuVoGvc-mSt6OCAlSVPzBmRGopiNIlRQFBQAEAAEAAA==
# res-uk01.op.opman.i2p: 22uretzm4hiles4p6swgrp5346epurvddmzkv4e6pfmkhmd7v6gq.b32.i2p
res-uk01.op.opman.i2p=4HjZi3bzfNA6ys~I0sq9vcZDXWiDXqW3Y8DBrPAGQe4~QcU3dOCHbGwmr8653ZtkD9qylZf~mcNS7yjT8SuuVmUC-HDJ4M3-~24b019yEM90RlFNLHAWWUqX-yGu7QCf22gt~2V6REdX5stFZttZ-G0r0PIGVY6zGG9EohnNDoCKk5Ijw9QjqURNlFcaw1qBEC12gvDbvsLiXlXoFpExlnliAGL~yzNXFPalwXkpIMahnabx~zH9xdTehjmOoWal3CNotChD~0tAkR6i~u4ppCxASlEdVmEAgcKYZWFdJg-1-jzixLSER1YNzatjwa1NH1cUno0v-DQp1Bv1EFBq-JC2WMnQ6rhEnK1uewpC0sc79aUpY12FXRyR9ZfzGdJgrGfKe03Ss0rjzSeJVOwrWJ5JReyu~y5Xp6LLpgf2QjOZIR6OdzjryfVYdCsmXdtHl2Fkxc2-2YAF6O-SlDDRPAhbhazFMLHcr9OuNmTTpRKK~TI8KEf7zacaayikb07aBQAEAAcAAA==
# reseed.i2p: j7xszhsjy7orrnbdys7yykrssv5imkn4eid7n5ikcnxuhpaaw6cq.b32.i2p
reseed.i2p=qUzlPu6TbIUaDk5xveKC~hpbMpCRZJPIWdK7honTRKyMb4gH6TCvGzjcN1vEXmyXc84iQxxH3ByDNPi4fcXszYpwPKvlPPnW5B3HUKV7zEV7RoicGvUt0MPNA0QpRHK44H-XJOVnNskxALvSQTq-IamIaN2Q4N-4rw7DCsIH4rVKqWbdExDF2wuUIF1WJp5AbbEpCON7DNSsMpRtPbzDVfPSkfVle5syunYjl-r7TC2KEdSF8q9eJnZwF-VFzFzLt~3ges29nf24y6U-zX~rrfYniQ7XmK4CJo2gsBOYAR5nNISRsQLYQpPD25D38947qDG6oE6RGhEG6knESIV9vv2O5AFhaOIr31QRXDMmnXBjnsoZ5PwOH87n0G6G5njrIUxojadvU5bVvMCsYArPX4inZFApTYe6q6KfoILuHhBvXPWYnw~rOwP~sKcVCW78YAMNNj7GlOS1uCFHvedNMcCaZZvFCZydMu~Sqft98UjGKKz3hFML3bGfAga6KejIBQAEAAcAAA==
# retrobbs-nntp.i2p: fkyzl24oxcxvjzkx74t3533x7qjketzmvzk6bwn3d6hj5t7hlw6q.b32.i2p
retrobbs-nntp.i2p=Act8eeNVy3v4dYXCLCVhiUisbWII7JViPc9NLBUi3~H6Vsl4ab22FYh41TFppxKdSwXHrNw6rlgY-zLAX4Vwnb6jqOGTUDf87mHgMMkvns4LZ3ko7jpsg9myZ792nMje9vfXoJKLHyNMyhpmHHNjflv0nU9xJJ4l8L4dE9jCL1wtN8j2jgLnRmxawkhJoVt4koQ5CD5Xq3NfPpzj5Bjmmx7AqX6De8fDhgKLqWOVAA68Ue~F-P9UoM8qKtCknnaKZlWlDW-4bTugw8R1fFQ9O6N4Ly7xKt~-0mJyHLcY9UwMqj-XB12RBb6jPxm61dXqCcOmfMhIytKcMh612qYHtza0stD7M7RCcqqgR2sD55q-c-KceGw5iIFnxjR-4t90B~8D0Omo8BIYzKOnuohsizNSjdiAoBw7xi~io5~bi2eN14Pfe~VV4vDUBoYUd~2hB8JwFRLY2GJU66f0ZOplOLFWW7dj73~bQdLM1qHbALV-ubxGf-QLVcU4OrBo0Tm3BQAEAAcAAA==
# retrobbs.i2p: mnn77stihntxdoade3ca2vcf456w6vhhvdsfepdvq5qggikvprxq.b32.i2p
retrobbs.i2p=v~vFjeLXGKCrKcYBS2E-XZwbvdfANpJfw6FiR0niROlh-nXju7J7AgJCtEPZIO7zrGj0KOusmVnX~Zy8dd5ZJxrC7aHr~SGrzCnESU4Qw9E7CSrtJMV10qZWiZ-hS-wm6nSlL2JyC9bXqC9JUfnOlc7~MvRc1ahf~NSZ39lDdJu4qfLHd59RB5-Cvb14Dgrna1VnVbjmJlRvjiFaC~UwqYZhSEvFEMc2WbGU8rkICjgoIivGnSOUAvsfYowiomA5HLxtg09vGFHn7MTE87bV0fTOS2iL~3ZYlToi-UjgieM9qWjRYoqDkc8n0G9XA9iHocRns5qVIOKk2FaW8ubvqMau98JOKF52qaqtnV1gEY5WylOqqAL4sUMMM9qkVRSZfFgXUOlHIRjLQREVt9Ggk8l7rtWjgKK-wJi8TTP0Qy0um4mT9Fg6vvUdgv6E7jzekSduKiHICTd2BgTAyKuEHPO2Rg-xoJgAyAVylxd20EGPAvtCmbUoW1UJj7bDt1FrBQAEAAcAAA==
# retrobbs2.i2p: ejff7jtyaus37slkwgeqrrcmyhpj26carp7n27f5h6s5vlbeiy6q.b32.i2p
retrobbs2.i2p=f9jGXXL66oTPOIR0qOuPHx~EOXUiRpQ2Bl7zPoT8oAl57x~PJx7279rwhTNc8WYvgSyM7XuT0mSv9-ZumSltuzW5PyC4d2Mk1RsmNly4HgsNM~b1dSRrKgARPx4SvrTSMM6rIhcGPnjK4n99WiPtEpnXO2DoQXbKn80QzwwWPkHbcL2lFG4yZxb8YEawfK6Xe2AEJu3OLjLaT2XvNuaUpDzjQu2xPT5rUG0EzZO6QBwqPWCj2B5pc2UbrV6Ceh5vbwZEnpM78rpCmpEi3g8GoZPwgMWnDBdIHa2Ca3fECzsHX40S8tCD~so7GEgkzODL6P9YbBuxvvFn9scJCrCWzS6lOFOAXm22Tb~sUN8seIdeMsEKNRCpPZjkxqTFeYpeW-yQ77HdODAUiy47jNlabMrpYNvrW2Ps0rvdLzoT89vPJiWx9FXm5K6s4b7qDps5VHqr53wqei48tNbpLSigFEda033MVwz~4iNMeT2irJBUfOASOPic7kjYM9d6DepxBQAEAAcAAA==
# retrosharenodezero.i2p: 2new3x3t6kudc4i7mfvs7k3kltefhqjcj3lq5cowt66wy2dp6kca.b32.i2p
retrosharenodezero.i2p=yIf0e8UNGsU47BJui~QvTJcQJhIt7M1KGK9Uu5WlR0mku09HiMRuDeeR-fQHaxFvs3J0beZV3QJO6E2I~jxBGectTHpwUIAHXn52FZmt5E9Kwp1N3Qddjza3k8tElzRY-XWE38McPeLR7azbafFaUIpv63TA4MqF16vmlDj0QyRSEGbtXtbmF-v3y-dXkMvdOSUCQLkUjUo0hv00SZCYmWOht9BEPD5QQpSe~uHWYvDXgSOrezd7yxFZRLs7U6LHBjaAdX5BVmQFhyiUYh3KcV6IlE8q-r9zmmsZETHeorf~eMdKXx-Zq4nA3dg37eVp-K0be2IkDvHqPFHs7dDA2alGbOw-wM2qNKQI46aj6XCKFlSXyt~vMhHhwv~Pshptf6LBlyKsuO-B37fLlQddoT6A7jhKBILtxxEixRuxAIki9d7VHTZGkMT7Rc-KdS0DfzN1XG46VblNp~R1hsRWe1cbMDZ3wlZCXqTAyEuK9U4LRqXrsriHAil8xayb38QOBQAEAAcAAA==
# rfocke.i2p: pphesm2icsbqi7uzsmxpgyy4kc22b3cdpb4uwplkkjmupexva7dq.b32.i2p
rfocke.i2p=f1BHvguEx2TD0r6nBw92uJUdxmB9ze~yILO1FNho2GtZSlxoGAG6uUEPmH5ss0QwjDft51Uql2281U9PzSON8T-ZuNOMwN6E-9GM4rkc61V3BVXSPj8bEK8a54wOXgagvcDXD8ekK5oR1YCjUnyAyrtN-dElwdqcIVt7vwXcviPxio5pmQDwTfFWLXI5Cvloj7x~AMGPnXi2-zX~rvfdOG01ZtG9o7-SOEs7iNe9UPJhFFwNnlkxzpa7j4BVsT3IezJd-9CLZmT4ZbOa2OY7syh8tJWTrbp3omr5ptkq1WsB7VNJpsmFHsTpypxEhxW6zgHInG6SO~Jrhsz5zza1o1WD9IKAA5kjrmClXMBecIuS9Utm~TFyYpU8g5foP68wBuS9kZgj4OcqAwNekdItfP5Jv99pxprUpTzMcES-Kw-3QhDmKpRIQFUku48AlyG2QF45nKSF4clj3kGRYjye31JQKBJWaKNUYKIl6EHgPEgasrUPiUkmK5N0Myf4FTT4BQAEAAcAAA==
# ricycal.i2p: tfkz7rgqh6rwvlo2veftw4why2dej3gztiglzfqfvykyzak2syxa.b32.i2p
ricycal.i2p=~k5cfrfEIgNMhqA6mU1mgVadkyGQe2V5jRso-K9kyvgPIxccsQfrToaJpRp8OourrvZAtcGkRILBr7zBB5WvATBUZcSTy6XSA444tuHoRMwBwWypHe5Ab-x7Qznw~6-giSk1YAqqi8ewPYUagg1SU3pYCLq309vZG23FkL5MwrmVKwY6ZBFmRYYU7qknN9Sc6bgy1cLvE93yRc9O5bdyli078bgsGAZ8wunkJ1qyfS4b4KH64Ru60oOidmijYK6cyqeq0gQ~OvVdwKJPeZ~2gnVJcK07zlOI4BmaHryPjzRCF1xUY5eAv8mG-6~PCZiTA~pI~kpQkRX-iR4Jx~t3s3-AAveVqIgAoDFSdkXfBUMW9LcbZKvma1~yJkjm1-kp99DFCO~LxlATHfto7k6TYnVjCk4GqR91chjQijcyQ2hFBCKFYackskqtDwgb9J3dNJi4ni2CkqDHcdIs88y6OERUNH0OH16nLcKboyasYjvTa0FC02erCtO3DxuujW2XBQAEAAcAAA==
# rideronthestorm.i2p: xrdc2qc7quhumhglpbcuiqxr42nuffv4xj4a73jbr4ygepitibqq.b32.i2p
rideronthestorm.i2p=8Ab6Gc382vxI5V9WnV~ONdU4G~G3MWcXKFzi9OvCddp0Keq4xjSeKV-oqi4o7hc~TYTKDSuc4pUCPjDpDeJNvIEsOmKRkjtDhje8rrAgAcM1YEzBO3LmXwpiy33N1r5ykANpiBNEAuT203O3wf11uzPQKIYsEDcwfiBdEEvVIb4SZAIz95EMIIMgUDP~neWlo~BYwWF-5iPO-bmIqjFlPn~DDt3B-K57IlaHmxPr68PqOQiIBVtukIuVeZbzTi-V69XifOwfbjka6WUPbN8PoRNsmFCXNu9Q-UtarO0EsL1xOZShOhdRijON4A51ElWLB4RYx~8GQXN2kXQGhDpLyx2MeNYDG-mlxr1bG0rQY57cmMPbO9OPM6x2gKOLr5Zh8VoNquux90Ow3OhXMDEXTEWcN3VsArEIJSLjY8dtZa58SXYD9mf46l36F2FhtzQo31GsSmXw2RujH7GAVuwnjbNMi~uz6uvdMzy6YgYbEsEf-jsI4L6xyoEEnYoLxu24BQAEAAcAAA==
# rpi.i2p: 56p5qxsrvo5ereibevetw2qbj5bronmos7wxunku27g2s4kpbnlq.b32.i2p
rpi.i2p=ryFBjAzHF2JQD3aks7RDIBO94nEH8mWa5C9PQpUU0~Ctp6IOn8V5-eUnz64l8VbqIo8T4qnYTjoatZQVLTACTK7zz6ZbDCKpz-zkFsfVzQmnY1RdtHhxfQAqXvqvQ8Ut2LqaiNOLZc4PydNcL7Iu34JWEXEODkNcbPJKgIAjXMa7eh0AAGOV0aLtv8G86G9~pf5s~VEHNDEcXjPy1W2DGrzaXTsTpMAIjxHbLQz30iHk-MiiT9JOnMbjYhILtMXzWKJjkEy3eGT5LA4C8A49sGs9GSymFfQX4Nf6KyZxBPY9mfiSY8eC2wT6xMusVUd2n5OLIraXKjUuQ22~0E09Y~k0lSe6Zcvvb0Z9zZ197Ipb8HTiB6x1OHZZJOw4Zoa~aEsKwsBMb0lZFvFP3Dfok6vX2uzGEsrLqEdHKwcqyHcFi9zeQLs2Jgs2sdhtjXpYBCywuaj89z7tsA~HbV7Qvpiq2lYmQ5LoyNTwFc7TbhnlWGENkTvAVRNZOsNFeoekBQAEAAEAAA==
# rslight.i2p: bitag46q3465nylvzuikfwjcj7ewi4gjkjtvuxhn73f6vsxffyiq.b32.i2p
rslight.i2p=Wu31~mC3dZQyIsks6gL3LGYF5oIHcGOFB9xqSdvOXBJTpzT-kcg5bYtDJk3670l2DMIDc~4N20lOTnbnqFL0lR9Bf0ToOxnwu2vfW1RqOOesmUteJnLTe5dBplOZy3vBM0WupAMskPaJBkz0P4n8dLPuRYZjxOfiQFN6RyTimCwXjD15U4HAjmXtuN6ecFI9zZ6oJN8pPnrRb4C3auJKeCkbYoy-ibP4h5NjYKxW3106R3UaQXVzzsbres1vV30EhHGXk9H0oE0EdSEHDUxIJtXfltEl2KiW6khOTfH--M~F1i4gr~CxfyjePXrUBWQ2Mjr-oG-z-SGBlqmIOTmS~3wAhCs-90RrzkLfR0KxmZgjum5ke9lHyUxImshsORIJ4HkDCfj~2TZ-O3RQt2EU-xRSRl34kaJIFqU7ghYLody8qfaCjmiSc4ylMFJzOhI8mNaz2CgppvJkE2HRsgdGwiBqPXdJTbPck7q9LzydNbUccZSIb43T0C3lPMlVRn3fBQAEAAcAAA==
# ru.hiddenanswers.i2p: o6rmndvggfwnuvxwyq54y667fmmurgveerlzufyrhub6w3vkagva.b32.i2p
ru.hiddenanswers.i2p=-63yvNkd7p4wrtRCVyhXYeFvpDumgULNz3UgC5rnJQn0JD2oi6S8MkAlpiQt-8RiMyg~z4ydrwZmrzu091FJxmXb4H11ZqDAcVLu88HH0ByIVTEe8ZBE8kyGFM7d4MESFWHCIVlnaJC-9lvkJLu9NUVvSq9H4AJk2z98KCQNEhStEK7GI9AaHfyP7f3geLrLJHE1OK47zkHUJSh8SUq4Q7se1GG2qyOCfksz3kYBtHqI~APJjHPG11izuE1a5m5uyi8bIbO5PQWXa8V3hrY~klLPfiPTepvPIncofwL1QO-EfZg8GilINzrrwhKgOYJdbHtqLKhl3z0qiW-o1Hf9tUONp01LvfxJvqeWijHbZQamzYEyqkUs4gXVtONN1GXeTpvr95asXVOZbQwC6RJlxt~YfhNPsU7NfWlO0XYfZWkQ7TrbKizGKJ4TnJoQgpA3c-cgro2kKvYSdhg9uQco7DT0YYRBWGjPr~0FaeWix4koBgswgXCQVR5Ls3W3xM1cBQAEAAcAAA==
# ru.i2p: m7fqktjgtmsb3x7bvfrdx4tf7htnhytnz5qi2ujjcnph33u3hnja.b32.i2p
ru.i2p=NbseGOqOqtkrOSTPvm28cslRyr6sUXxNMKkp0~3Qmyjt63sSVlJndWiC9ApoHf611u01C9Gy1NGOe5drJTEhWgF1tvKQ7ZmuG3vEIvX~mXeY85-GiL46G~tYJUc68TGj2mL9eDsWoZ8E0n8LZN1o40cpl55wxM6jWGRDn5CmJJGCwQf9tuL~31zXlTEFvn4QAIDHj2270ZOZvU7SU34Gs-GLLLMr3Xoa~zubQJv~ZHGpERsL0sn4sMqYMapp9JObPqZnI261igPUqZn7JdzBmoEZUkgIKMrfPzcVL517M-3EPg0xNOLdI-XK6zbnge~yTh3u8~UYEoiHBa0fIk7EnlhrN-E59-mL4A21RlLnbiVjGbumkVKl3R40NbC~MDYlNFUN69dAUnZXJRsadglUhewTBOG7bLu7BScck-rRG7Sstyxd6KG4SGZUUqiF9ODb9gg6WscFUQyGcXRpH8YIg~VGZXs8QvPWc4JGxrVwaCICz6LJLSx8ow6wY6xyFZhUAAAA
# rufurus.i2p: 7msryymfdta3ssyz34qur6gi4jyfkvca5iyfmnceviipwu7g2wca.b32.i2p
rufurus.i2p=16SMiIrDQiigHFv0D~oM5xuzT-Su8pR9unQmKvJLqDFzDPWKvtud5bLzGbGrq291UxSTlpD6jtBA3xi-a-WCz0aoe~0Ff1vmvOnIs9ct3GSO8QiHGxz0B8rOWipP16imuzCHeBlrVMvZrkqr8-TL~nJi1lVaXzRQy-WjbUceOLSYx4RBVc9WL3B9Qa2cBsdeawABCmpIiJe8vkisMlh6uJGoE~4cJVQdC7PwQWIO5T1qbhIYQGE1vJwQJFURA5aSx8EztPkHrv8UOX0v8XEiDThbl3i4QaiZwXz3bpCXCBwAUro2UQXxbZEOHDsgmwrQowCRW4FriRmswSfqzBg4QrRp4VsFmslhdUPUQMmdLYEh1~s5On9ZpDB1kIUg2MQ6fhEZJHYZLKVyQiUE5ed~7MdGy5z~PyVXv47MsZuhI9vbFbGRIxD2x9Ph-RhyoBQVITcYN3HnF8UKbXDnItYGwUR3lFJpIaxkKKB7dYa5BjlGmgYewv16YpMu~ilTxQ34BQAEAAcAAA==
# rus.azathabar.i2p: 6gp6ykan6ovr7p6dln56msvmdk6nrtvzoypz5dbhkkt4bdnryjna.b32.i2p
rus.azathabar.i2p=nuoWqJAsvdSZv8sAEZruOUf~rESkW1uqnroZDHDWSs9KIeSwJ8zbkeJqGZTeVB9lt~e4-gi94ipkb-ZaLOFMc1iNpf23Ckna10zYab366E8gxQQdy1lPhnDeTFXg8yDk45XjG5GHkptSY5o2iI-d7AXXvcSUPGxeYH4o13g4nY4FEP04rhOcB3jwW-9kPNG7zsPm8mUgxJN7dknhjxuXSmPdEqCwjgSeAJazqOVbphghH67-mNc-e3BcZobquf699vbwGL7EuAy4UwVo~LPUPwD71uTKf7sinnhJzsq30auPoIwja5N5VQ8WEGQ4T~qun~Ngt3xT9rb2N0oPgPHtwzqtDHvGXs2ZINUps21PQvM7sHyeg5lU~KPOlaL~KG62b2-IPzNAht1PFxoF7WgUpRTSyg~ce4plp4eFbb1MZOErc014~tCtJoG4Bi5yTd1SNOY640q1GMbSJC2jK5fv2IKjOgZh8azQv8LX5LmxAZV7-CB3xMVs0rTQgnMGSUA5BQAEAAcAAA==
# rus.i2p: gh6655arkncnbrzq5tmq4xpn36734d4tdza6flbw5xppye2dt6ga.b32.i2p
rus.i2p=MXK4rYn24gJibBdIqfRNLJNPaUfminmIhrzU8g~1yEHy7qwrY1~a9186cAZqOg7cksD0j2VI01AZ21xPM4yV85b8r3DVsLQ2qHOPH1qSA8yOVKoxCSUNz69NILpWoBwCXydbI8TUEALSvscAFkkWR2ZVDH2m1eiPm5j28yyBBE7ttPlLCpPF0D69PuEKiMKQqfDTSMA58nMtEfCsBM1-m5BXH0NA8DTHyDd4DfrjhBSkne0t2Xa9fZUCxrK4cTvUMGykW1aghjCm6YPnZN9Fo4NUP52VvXwGVuutzmWx8yBT2BFxAkO0CvfsZV8wDM51LXzHGYNHtE4E3wmoLuwOv5FyHOKipZ5VsG0rQlAf0hGXIAImkr2ognHmOVinHj7lYYg925XJTpnjv6xLGG9UEwBJ6tU0jdNlb016kc3renAFU34Ogg04Q-FTG3AbCdRLqwTPO9gud4MhWlq5oaHnh5Ck9Dn5TTxxtjkh4NdA4Osh7NoD~hXl33vkPMFJSqjaAAAA
# rutor.i2p: rutorktnoonk3t4sxmv6g5rj6mzsilfwxcplvfybemssjrva663q.b32.i2p
rutor.i2p=6pyaUITfbNG6EmoEZViO1c30R0rltOfl8d0kP6xOgT0VvG9nsjpoaS8lVoJrxxsM-8X62vx9CGMczU-7OR3uBbsFsdgDW3aLa-FBH6S8Uicg8Bh~otvspF~lwDVPoy9aw3Xso6yXs4fnJ3cNvQ05ZXGPW-6LvYU6fIv~gd9hS2MyxZXgm3Wz~66bl1I05v~SZUwQ735giMGQtCVDhkEBmAHJB6I9mrCBMYfHk8VWyo8JQgPcNbHmr7blOIyf9ryGXlVhgsq8yymurUq39bpsSk4ukbsnym5q~5AbqvJP-cLANpN~D74bbNCf0E-kaPD4OXy9jfk0sPRGGMFOJgJRzk4ZN1tPndJGrOHmipeC~JSg3BKAbIe8uJbUewsS0MzmOzDWx5QSxINtLtzKaAcGc08vwqzsM1vQ3aBFQ~ZxJzB07HZ4BSIPvs79SVmnXORV87pFgcgADdlAvzE9nodB4nvzAifWElzqtXaJMKBoSLnqYP5hVm1~dQJLizU653ErBQAEAAcAAA==
# rutracker.i2p: ujyqbawolalwvdpy33v2wjuaspnu4ym3fsl3fd6mldjblzzqlvlq.b32.i2p
rutracker.i2p=AGA1CQUMAI64xw6jp~1gSsbVv6Z48lWKJ3VTw6MwTrLHhY4G497ZwDVcSFXnB21FexkoRlU-zNpMsLD5pef6bwdj2yW0z6EFhfd1qpt2k4i0g-ZBnis8OhVVf7ks9qseeGsgsfa8JWtM06fkZgAv9jaVWtjH7upQp4VsSHdp2N1ilrVi0eFNvnMGitzN2TrTzOZe1TDqBTKs1NEfiuVFfRL4inR7xs5d7rwHeS87kPEpRFOln5SKZxc6vEdiytnENyB7OL6aIM8RfcY41h4GwkvDzpSC8tZFWYP92-gMwgSfcfUANLpa0OY1g-z8In-LTM~MpxVNCiYhnd1t-Dy0Vgaq3Ec4q-rRWXcFAwVRKySytijCEhUz0FdPrAF7r07vnjRLp0YcBTnRkiBi~rdCW5LIbHnPVxGT5nInExy9IrBdOZYbn6UpuF0GVP0E8F90QFgVeHKKnbAfPsHDWlzpucbodCYBdcMwoPTLyn6blgu-mZ4XfpXYdCrXt9odMTtaAAAA
# rvklein.i2p: pzbqr2s25zpgbwiz22nc7hzxlusqxwhpxrsmln63y6fd45whnjcq.b32.i2p
rvklein.i2p=3UuEUZRPrk9s5AHsfIrWn69yHTwrPxHqiUMvcSn9Wo4u1abSM0kZj0Bt23ruuXKNvJ6KAAO-irZrkV4Kev7bv3SZbwmcSyMRuxgPxKSqqIVSVcTT4Lu9ZyTRcfjXH9pKuCGxSNxuquTobLEx1-aLWIiPT~ViIx3~Zk~rIbHPEESVr6ggn~e-T~UW~dOe98OhpPasHkk2~JdD6xUXDHs4peXgxekpEhNo66~8pj5ZwP3PZ-lXK4MrwTSamW9nneU1WZMsprhy6BJw4BWmYbmeX7TV1vxg4HNLZ2tTDteyemHGybuIi~ls6c11Kj3gwMO1j3EgPDceJnYV6yswglc88483QX7LWwEPMwIbYp6T535aPXOpqizZe6uY644696KhvjkvVb8ACCkvghFrldb8YbkyNcNSePuq6UzgCRjsMcA2dBw1nESIiZb6VAQlQDzmTxM1aNrCM0YhQtRqo6wiKf7f6QJIUgJ27jxUO-P5HpbIJEKhrJtoYF~3iknsmvdBBQAEAAcAAA==
# s2s5.i2p: u4vnuri22dr4g2ginryzzarxjn7f54hwglymlyjaevzqic4wwdqq.b32.i2p
s2s5.i2p=60oR7AViVSYv~OGWqp6FY1ioXqTN-H-A1Jd4VQ8U3j9PmjzgcJ1duX~BHgr-pHH8a-R9ZBNDQk~UD0GtltEnWVbpbCxBnKh8fhMUUtAKULWRHGGfw1gGakTXndmVKLd9EUumEp7qqtAkFr92nLbMzPWlp9tsmLCEBo0VIjBKlLG5dsf7GmNBBaXYr4SH6pnGcl1luX7at2-yIzlpD53Pvi7oasrah9srH1914cn52NnHJp-7Hh70ufoLjzVIfwBnLszis1lxfIF3U1kwdPIUMEHHszynP8h25hW12jPM-C26UdmiWVDNQFRPHpyuBk6nR~Qw6JMKLhiMILJT~e-864RnBNBN0xqTDhC3UxM~4iabUtB6tN7cgR6upMD9qWdG2viIb0X4hYy0mB414JJclnE94nuyvfSV~NN~h6V3CEW1jAgSrysg8YwOefaJfsTG4P1zbmiivNpC71ZVP~3qLk~8ZEuOrLYH-m94DWvWz5Gbl1YHdUQlu8QKUFLuk7ViBQAEAAcAAA==
# salma.i2p: n4nvxtnyydev5h2p2pmrvxjtik2immgdklb4pqcyfmjrp4j6pxxq.b32.i2p
salma.i2p=hYEkyF0w6eiVBO~zsJaR1h000JY9NuRRY6dGoJhL4~XMWxQeAfnEhneXeHW-xWMclf7soARlfNatDej1kVqiVEXgID4YTfDE~C6qUBLgSgk-aLIbegltJWGp7wpSK5zgEKiDTGON-PA4ffd6-TbysYW936L7Yoq1oIAs-9yEOHfKt707~FXWoG-1foDaJU7EVJfhf4QaFjiYdnnT3AJN1VY4SIEe9aypwKDY-cShnUqEDJ7fsTtbX8KHJwkmnBWa7GHnXpXr0NsIXDlmEcMdUbViY2VF6~ZYQ4Yt9udfcBuQg2TEdDRd73x3DXtOvDfG6Dfu6QxPkr5~9HIkqwOYm5d4cGovPnVRrCwbNbyTu~uaDBhbI65i2UBZvOu7fdhRH56eWT5qaXxbQe0QpCKiUTyvYweJi3jq3rtowNZBC3mJioEp-66tk9~jjCr9jpW2uRLKntQgCtxEN-dHSy6f~gl1xn4x8osWUvc3hRB02m326iPQ8rvqkyYYEDQ3b4CVBQAEAAcAAA==
# sand.idk.i2p: znjpck43uhruxpkiivj642hstorvs7vgbpgwy3noxd7ywge6wt3a.b32.i2p
sand.idk.i2p=hFuQKUBxYlbbBtg~I8F91x6Eygap6CXawQRnvvI0MIZ5p2rQTyVUHCPtpIb1d20EzpX3z237RB3BSD1xoCg1zZpx6Pikq0~mImy0liVelgZ9xdGAfyOvi8ypGM3QUC9dDL2lYzGPdakBX5ivpm6CmlADIi1g0Q2fX3-CCmKpiQQT9dVeOxMTBqlmYDaPn-TQDFR6l1fzfTCnU0AAxXDTBL9x1g7bssMvFjwF-BfhMY1uQ10KXeWHrpPafwsu3A57aGu49P1ZhaQsmKXtlVe8QghxQx8~tpiP05qi0yc-gIG6JIPRq2m18ZSdwzXT2ZjXqHhCFeDFnUyLR2JZiRdX0KuRyT9NsUHxEyxXvVt92we-CMoS6gesctTwGnjZ6-tbsMW685a2jwNGDc1vqWCpMR1lW2VriqlWr7gSA6db0TPPiMFQJCwt0s1R24ecnLz1zZrNH1kq2nh0It-esBfyUEVxKO7WsWhynTdLpclZZNflc-RXnWF040xt1fpctGdlBQAEAAcAAA==
# sc.i2p: ovcw4qxa6fiosx3toiwjvtyywhfs2f5cfq2av5jakqhmvknajlza.b32.i2p
sc.i2p=WrYNO5XyVED8n5YYs6mbbYQppUtALXxxf~kyX~ZJ~2YXmTWXLxI3zYXsEwVJ8cEZS9xDPs8beeyN9qdCX7uBY5dzGQrqCRgTd2ujdBD2483yUk9O5w218sHO9V0-~ejdVe-6HtiZkNoS1QXTw-Zi~rcgUECeb-YAgIfLpJD4L2NWyWiSru0psNIa2S0SdQCQyLW~iFEujEfySuar6Uw6ovC0VCXPvOjjPHE6bmpRx8HqdDEthLXr4ePZmdk2l8BMjbMNlOmVF2wil3Z2VPWUxxN6-a1Mit14Gc~5kSDfhBjM1f4k1m73tlEGslhpspsGtL8SzqqjQhMlK0H4rTws54E-AEZyDUVuW2o2GG~FkpJP7uAqMO0uAlq7T7PedEu6oJkPzlChO6KE9HZjmwgAVA9457dDY-1zsrChLWdPCkjQWuSIBek56NYzIi9Pa57llfHoGy1O8LoraNP8R2pn4REK7Cxv~TLQPxhHjjjGPpfuAzJyTqJkJwxWcjiJ3dAZBQAEAAcAAA==
# scamdemia.i2p: fdkiv7o4kzaikwkw6hbn7iedidp25lv6eo7yeyeqxai3jz7mrvzq.b32.i2p
scamdemia.i2p=GaTHSqSKN29uFrQJk~O3bLM7CWrkVOvDyYh219Znp3W0txc-N8abElG0QoTm1I3TGxqRHlHKLbn9GxLWq~2EYcG5zulZW9E0~CksQA3CcTy4ybj5AGCp99-GhUbPyT-~dPYQSS0nMsVHSoD9j-CN3yIn6tVe4ToVJobRqfCGsxla0gZdIHydx6WBxbfFF0v5qAbslfllGY5QmC5mphiDf2GhcDUTUKEDkoqeuamf8AhyRDfCd9zmFK2ohOpHQRcv4DWBuoRqlr6jC3hyE2M0QpgFNx6S1A7FEV2Ll3iCQoCXurioLpkDQ9bgxd6OwdKkHH7w6BkJepymyA2nUjrSw9gHIB5iSZxlmXs9pUWsm5D0PoGXxQTJgLn9Qxz5-d~K1vWhr6xbMJEUAhGEk3R8xwznAoipPl7QZJhdR3Q2MutBETrywi8S~eG~2IK61qJzNV5szqToGz2BEgXqFi2IJ5jIFoA2~QmgQOt3EiVZTET1q8Zcr-Sn0PUgVyAamdkiBQAEAAcAAA==
# schastie.i2p: iuwaoc763g4yydj62skppdmsnbjflqqv273cz7gvayn2x7fmayfq.b32.i2p
schastie.i2p=rZlzYsJW2ShyPceEuwMNqs-uosGwSIDYgp80d4LC5Fi-CM~EiR7YpQ7bPBFykofFNcSyOPQX1q6L0unQRVcOMCUzvKrRUIsU~qsrdzRn6GxB4XxKsgFHtB4Z14tVoXuW1xlnKvEkU3SLycsnXRNXTEmlWK4e5oMED9IZmdwsqQDHfxqnhR36m9b2LwOVuqJifzbBLcanL2UTb~c6trWkb6VampxURZoV80SxDOXhI64T0MpuCw9xfyUj5j-7JvcnZA6BFbVFhgNaNCzxGXai5kSt9wS1kArssZlPvm4aSdOyggha0GYj7W58srQEGVHeojcHkkr8kC~lhSMpjOn9qmmjuDE97Yj09D8uQZgKWUIu8heOaemVkSJxOw4wfk6zBbU6cHd1UgaE58UqjLkfsquVcmLBVdK0bidhxgPKRIaDAb6y1KfaxKx3pYGYgtm5bg7a-Oii-d4q7d4tioILbdanAP~xTZa3T244lYjSdZrXuw81Kkfyv8iMbRUEkkfxBQAEAAcAAA==
# sdmr.i2p: o2vtbbcddamtqqomtf7wbkzzkh2xovt23lc6np7qtxbuv6vtul6q.b32.i2p
sdmr.i2p=L3IsdhdvZgoLCj934RydQsPsENzgOfzUAHwrHD3aRvyzilvy2pOOetHbqkoGoKG6BwxjePUXExgStZSqbISaDoH04BeFV-6HhlcedS3HwYKHV3Hveyxkj385au-gqnc91h5yKtGCLipSzbFLg4G6bbePtGS24f8RzrUkMRhZy0KcnsE9j-fggvwLuo~9mCj-nUdxHBy44TD4hcSSHsSZUFuCVkvKaQCiAhWm7ZweyTk5~fen4SpjQP1OdK4A0NaKEvYSGxMVxoN9CBxytJhDQmjxjJDvD0wwBBTk0CPu3LH7vjLkbKzwZ6QD3oB8MyAthvo8oiT4odVY5NAfXhwQ78vjIXO4vIAtBgZQMzy38F7OZcxsag0DyeFYMm6mRk7vKHAKEP8wiIBFsZ8sPzG8VLUeuU2ET~NL2t~hjd8ytOlxQMbqvX0WG15R-KvcJo0qDU9CWJ8dItkTK~Ys-vl-4hFW9KNqHv~eIhbXKlKc6xa8KSoY1jkn08aecrevHKt-BQAEAAcAAA==
# searx.heckyel.i2p: bbttsspdeozbfvmjm3ewnbwpot2fkhhk63w54ytptbyokazkydea.b32.i2p
searx.heckyel.i2p=~9~kqgWQ8a7P1jFeCYyIC0UrUWF8HR7Bes4ptTvfrysdD4r4JDZf0XlV6piqdD0rcGrOvZm4vCnO6Eeu8wnW~0-s1pdAeBJs2Tz97l-WMGsrG2O9ncDjgf8nXwbVJwlB5YrVa0-yifLFlmIEArPBk12R-yygpOm2z40hun4xBkNxWqX3rAfYg~NfKIKN231S~QIvMWrTbbtVxd3BKraQgFIPuDHbqxy2rFiAO2jNlp4uAo2~YpKX78LVjJrMQnnnOoEytTePGm2n~tAnIgI5Ls-SG9laa82wImJUnrwbMdIY5H1xprfJ4YrA~WoqvDQ~ccZrPHRwKLsNobQTKEwhB0pKdqe-rmvr~PPI1UZH2jiWvETyOeqliidAlx-kKaeUc9S2oDR5nbpTlsjjJtPvWBFe8GrIZ77p7Cs3Mgh-R5AhfMLuWF--OqXoS2I8H4pTr4M1bF6zRoms7XZBuffUhMuBNEU2Iwe~uguR5iIzfinlCBCxak-EET4iZuFsjLjlBQAEAAcAAA==
# searx.i2p: dqiy6jikcijk7itntbjhgtw7txjt75fsc7qsgbei4ajpf5ockt2a.b32.i2p
searx.i2p=27CFfFoPuL8oYA3F2Lczu3Alwn6vEBuEL5An9biM1pONZqLzDv7B8QcXMmUXVbPhMOgeiNAhJcrUcrSTraYQcaCqtyUF6is1wi2hy3l~fgX~DbFZn91znWUS3S4TwvVWsjdnzXMye0mXZxTCcerOoHb07BIl3sJWNB4U-fApUz6laiu0v5CwtALXyd-LNqtED2~279HUA8r1vfcnJB5LNi~3EH0Jas65HZUgAp2WxMOaPFHx1YY4hC9timh4Fi8VroAN-Q8zIrHa7hghppdVO6joCBXKKkp0lUEZYuuK2v5RrqeZEGWy~smmLwGaVXiD7GKIQ-QTuQD7PMxNk1~434W2wNHkAbruo6QZw8TjrogDO8SA0ZYnaC6dLtSl6mJ2wwd1sErMCjHIi3N5ZP2HJnmyxTo-Lo1ie7k4F4wv1DEnIr5BYcV2AIYmf1Aoe5DqKjwNGvP0k~MWdHfPc8UihkFQoywe5nOGIiHjeEz2fSoHqCISYPmrBhBl8uNr3OfuBQAEAAcAAA==
# searx.swurl.i2p: ezrfswcjrkemmsbdttqagtsnc6qdo3yftl3u7un5owjkljocp73a.b32.i2p
searx.swurl.i2p=XVZrraGvqhm3Z9TxiK9rt3vuf~6RbYyx6UzoyZJG06bs45z6BoHcYNrhmppVxWBHhAfiRQVlF8yMd3rFRVlUF96bSLyrUY7rZTwKl1S1HcWQBaYAJEd-W~k-9FXgBqjS49Ple-eFDbbgJnbtmIh~u3z2-rHRX2n~UPDNyTRp~Cj5ndR1VYto9LU0Bx3KlOQtjyCKCccEGmZ96X-qiXLoLNbhNwHRptZWj7wFU1CzMv8Gb9BAykLgI6y~VTRepu0ZxFxEQEftAW4o~VWtxVI4L2oHmYXj6uvmCBpBq8t~lOszJMUN15W2Pw6~6MoJb7bS1MxEsczqfnbS~1Sofl6XgwPze3go3YuvDOq7X3YV54siSZRIJbTY3rpVWbWGKvoW9Lq9Qx3PUNKuonex8O8jAZIpct2ERrIgzDMHoDz9~OMVADQj5RohHH7mT6r1fbl~brqisb-Ko~dtb4IJovDB8t8Yx1piQkLKKrEznKv8byrauJdLe2Z~N8cTKW3oFDU-BQAEAAcAAA==
# secret-site.i2p: p6hbhjgdv2e6gyydrqh2ztl6onxnyilmj4ts7d7aj3uqssr7vvfq.b32.i2p
secret-site.i2p=XYX7Lt-m5b81EAjKPVQzdhpW6NbdPRlBodU7xrXtDD2sv8V1Czy43p0ctG5azP39y8P1eW2Q0KVnfWIZQ6dP76NxCwbPHS8VeheEQGEMkwC3M6PbBnNbnx6w4jA7AvwBKy8Lql8oxMiLKHVPmsmvphlU~YDeSHcGxmWRe6bJF3codAeKs8oGtvJhFt6CzsCjyPF~COyDagpan8qBRt4v-mA5e1pDgbEmB8rMVpvonVs7zonXm1VWMf9x9aICTcdv33fz5I19zeakfG2DWcK6P4cOTyImzms0oeDjMkKJOWXAI3HGg-xjdxOlvTU-pbuI5JQgxKNePfVz0S5ddIT7UaVcswpZ6-xxOMxDbE-xjQcc3~1WCr4J2u88CvYit3RI83bmfl6~2dhoFYFOHdYzqFkId42l~9eWmPUPZrLADY4bvPrUNBP3V5003z6q9jIaayncXwK4q-odbIQawIOVXB~2yFOScWBxOgp~nmHQdI02-cVB3rnVQ~Ce7Peza2SYBQAEAAcAAA==
# secretchat.i2p: cl3j2zxhpw6u6jevny45i557ojhwfxn4g375nnuqhy6lp27mry2q.b32.i2p
secretchat.i2p=QoZDX5ik5z54AJTdAJsivSR4ZF-AISkLILjNeFJWv4y3bsVYJayZBtaHb2F9-k6X9VZqav7RbBmuds8iIHMoXFuLFUMxyAPvNGpQLDYBedYOiJEapi-~P4TQQ7VgbdoEPlu665EIVC3dINIC18PUNl5iVb4eZ9UUt4mkYLeU7b9MBnnxrpC7UmPKzjmQy4-s3i9i8L14h1lrZMVN~sM13O393uOvRSDy4PMPtq4hqILbwJ78c~dE~ydbaN-CG0vLjKLhHUBjVWiDUCZGNZ66h53z3n1wFm49m9NkIrMIuxLCm~GVT0nrjvbH6U27R5E4P8sp8OYqbmc2OzlUK2z0ptAym85OPg1qzKIn5PT70x9erjDaD1CSATwy6UMydUFNsv1l3BGo7AG4KjP5SI91Uf0NBAzWNsOo5LAlZqfb9CkiDQ88Sj8wuwZu6hVF2VxMoaz-NfA6oFIOzqE6jvbZgznhQPM1inJAdBCclRKMVk6Jabfe5Zr1xF2YGa2gunczBQAEAAcAAA==
# secretvitebskchat.i2p: 6tc7fmbokb3hzajcgpxypxt2excj6tozgrjjofvjcak433dim47q.b32.i2p
secretvitebskchat.i2p=H2ruiSGjB1unnqyuESFMubhcXhF0Y1Y84j-C2WMLY~YyCOapPaz18YbIk8e1ldAzvGNgOXcOe0pFbvYKact55d-BrouM1oYpTLvH0CVw1sfjR0liwyZSVIiF0~u0Y9gOwrVOq3iKPZEFwsAK-rLyAiPr-zgVmvRUOI2pJj~eHagu5NxxBFwXdrR64Jth2gg5Cvu7meWKzbI96UyPKm6OmsTdKqA0ratpl~MKbkSzh17KK1TUES4Dl4xQLWQSlzKrk85-m8IVoHrNE8PCAeXPCd7SV4X1QsbEO6wymcpkuB8t~67efhjl9dITjiENQXfO3qkiI~32uCCSztVWLJV~3sJ9WrqZ1pjGJhQZYa48anY5Zh6UDEO2Gy3OfThE79Evo2Wex8QM8sJdYmC62MYnex1M8Qk83VKp-uKaOUwBSOCx7GDB3lg7XxHQyMhgDq96Hn29xdd0fKT0yiTkrDH9zJO-CA-RV~izNK6BXm60rzt6HJDucy4JIg6wTafgKgQFBQAEAAcAAA==
# secure.thetinhat.i2p: 4q3qyzgz3ub5npbmt3vqqege5lg4zy62rhbgage4lpvnujwfpala.b32.i2p
secure.thetinhat.i2p=0ncSrtVS20zwfcM7h2S6SSF56uVM2bftQwf40jsWKASNQnzyDVEzXpS04y-DJpm9EwKMGkgvx8ICBX-80W4E9xPJEdGFbb2u34fWmpTVMc3vwwB9ywmSXoxFbwiFx2sm7-HCcdALZwrjU3J41AfBvpEVkB5dXklTZIh~bU0JBTK2JIvQMD0XrSOztEruTc5kYymtkiCUpJaJJFXyIM3lKRcNlZ76UidE8AyQxHX7s9OR02pk7FhYV8Uh-Bs8loAZg6IPZzoYnnBYyi--b1-N8Ipv3aKmqSZPbQEzfQxU8-BE74xBLNEWAJtB8ptKMiKfHphO7qDKWqTzOU-7BtGXZAEOA3oblRAQcgqUbi~aICj0V0MAuYAdj7f-8BIi2k3Qfcl6k6XOFEpZqYFle71LeCjIZN~0mDDzxlr0Scx6LKMGnQAtYlGXFq99urp1MutPDZEu47mdxGWqc9CoNNNsE2UgS9ykvWygefNpZhkmceBXmDxWhuAPD1M2~eNF-fCMBQAIAAMAADZv~vU=
# serien.i2p: 3z5k3anbbk32thinvwcy4g5al7dmb75fagcm3zgh4rzrt3maphda.b32.i2p
serien.i2p=x6K1SNggkFkj3fkfC3DxFm56kOfCBDm5qRXzANn5rHlWAY~85rVtQt8DpNRfgpG8DKEGpXmzO0670hd121~PyWBYie0jSJ7GX26L~drcXdJq4rQjmnYynrl5jFgw748nHbhP4wHWSShPfIRjoM5K5TIjfebA5iAyVzCNXC9cEFCOyQkGRF0FVM1Cv5IxKEEc8w2ykd-W~VgGzY9njlNzWBtLXgmWSXarBKtyso7f-jPM3xjOS0vYa~MIRYSXSEj8nQAT54WmlvyRX2-f~pk~1pWBuG7ayWvA7xUCo0Tqy3VYOywwPD53~30RRcmGhua~o-G8rWJjGSv5Vx3Aoxx1TnQaZ~3PhLGc44iBhBqD1vX4wx00sm~91xYRgXXzs2fpbWE5Jw8FduEjrryXpAvlBZWWmABAdd4R6scSPRg2~EVd5cgcLVxE1CNQo8TjspRA8b8SVfgyJoClwUxFjz06iKEAmWsWsCyZmDs3zthDfe0aB4Yvd7hMoMqz7ChPHPdOAAAA
# services.apophis.i2p: 2q2t4ptdkcffvgojunrwo2v2pkpeeyxarcqvejbdpune7uc4bzlq.b32.i2p
services.apophis.i2p=vA~8M0QtorKrfKnThg6BHuowiokv2wIPMTtPG8BS0X0JiGsmImBs6wMtU2nhlEvVjrM9oRdAfaoYpiwOsRcLJftA2Ww~hJAbtzR4leWQh1YuRL01jGNRERt~3Ilz7eQRVIUOQ~P0kPTUU1xSuL978rZk98p4vfRdx0tvg~KVp1y-DylOcHXkwBJ0r4x-X~4dVXImfWUWsvrhbUnijTJyjaCJKydqFvU55EtRT-SrxPVGMnH54Y2laOeha7MRPvm4-3gTry8rcfzPGEgnj-y4ZJ1PWCJRpoKZcqk6IC6rreJ4exMWrZKRNMHE0jLo2pTXLCRuIJaTH3tywG6xc-ej7~AVVmxh0BdWz01aiotb1nZx8k~jqNFPxtA~fZiw8fxD9tL73nb~MBTgd6KkphRR-z80fVl0LPX8kRUvsnBQDaM6czfm5NLu1DgBG7XoB5J6BVCihk9fqs8LRaN8PgQMkA6FY9H5Ru3cVRuKnDPX376K-YR92iUEhLp2ClIkoT6oBQAEAAcAAA==
# seven.i2p: anqf44jmf7kby2qcvcx7gug6nuyansdu4msdbnp5kojom27rrm7a.b32.i2p
seven.i2p=6Jw0Jv0O5H1GHBn8k-FvBvJnrpkB4h98kYIyvynB84BxgaG3iFv9g1KR5aY5p0Gx3ULlZ9i3o79IWY9k9NtMlb7DGuqFEGbZazbtpm28R2UkafGuIhQJY21X1AG6ow2Q3-wqaYfW5y3geLhubOTdKDq2aUinXVGfDq26qfOpDUIK~RbnPvZDWpa3NI129fF8i58TyMSRgP~O6DksWCdlEFwbLVrqp5sHq6gQQQLxAuw9FyrRNHe5lG1vWnS~Y7brdG8qlXmGdqG-t8EI~0HFHmXnwPdQHRWzzAajCoxdlSvtJBKWwhJkJ~vkcfeGiwBVQ5LgZN~aBkP7v~9p~i9~LY2pCsN9Igs3f-ItRfEjypYaBxa6Z8QNx8tJncfQf5iaz7qXeh8iE-tBL27RSi-2Z8961m4ZrVnHpNi9vyd1IrqT3GgPk4Y37qNunL~FE7S27VuslWlHN9Q3PAMl4OFTjcqIcPmM0L236DqBcW9~VDKIZjSdlUthddQ3xhUaniaGBQAEAAcAAA==
# sexstories.i2p: xb5wc5bto5cdwe2nqzs6djwk5zjvxe32qm4md6nqjy3qjc6xlgpq.b32.i2p
sexstories.i2p=cB-ZxdO1VM3suUz7TdRV6bxKnT51P5jha4kjd07Hv9qfZn7~wxrYCKzk1Ome7NmawXil20nbNE6T2QIp5TL6ucE29SQrGol6hjuHaM~d7JF4bsDAQPqOsVcQ3Rt910EMhsxhgvwwsf4zY19z3DYNxhGYix6dXFK5MYC8ph2hvIJdga1TYQqmT~TViVFVqAxrdP71dRFJ2pX0tm7rjqrwgmBrWZvzmwy3pmeJ1zapsEx0FQq2YUVnEI25gNTuaKwmpJvAehhdtIr9L99tljrSB1UAaJOzPOEVVGT1oQBRcx4eRJFeRt~4yTo72cjDIIhI7oRSxAKetRLAdS-f0aQ0t3ocohEvWgFq65aMJknSreCLM6mEKWgFa7t87HgXZGgJH6W0chqpzKJjaom79A8QtitPoXKbQTECfjKvwigmvH0xNekZGY72gYalpNWYDvW8YMstetrSmXNs-OD4v~bgsCQ9jYSCFdF~PKCrj5Vk~0AIZI~L4kSuhn1goRGnMMp7BQAEAAcAAA==
# sexym0rty.i2p: i332hzh4u6gb3bhd5ja5zmyjvlei7ga7vtdukdqdk4ruwhuynxpa.b32.i2p
sexym0rty.i2p=ZYyWmBTeuD4aa5~sD1XBpM0fCe74MX~H45pZ9FrvB7dVZ43T5X43ZFnZTSXxxWOrkaUtdCwuDQQ5SxL6-Ru-XAe~WFg6HgYwGJUYWVQSlOC6wtyrRPOWqaqpGAJvpWA7A~B46S5bMwOYdrf8gD9IoDneOLJv1LL-myU3GwZyaE8YCdMVQxTil~zOdzO0tVxAe79LI~u7YIBix1EM9IGohDacdNT1sArUYgNzmzZ93Me6~RwvShNp~F~yRt8XGuXm-M-RPR~UVpYuUhyTQRW~hQklzqjr0Eg0rCQg3rCj2H3KtHrEZf-73bzSulKuJGb0QDH1CCBAOkKKMyURPZWRJ2hj50fWSeF~UY-lGjZ-i04uZb9VQHng-qjmgFktUigEz3Zc0PEvHWPwE8CVHz3eImbu1Nh42lN9-LMhd2fqt01fLSE2rAYZSL6fpZDlycK4q6mZtvaA2tidjQbtAVzvNT9w677S8x2MgaYXE6iJXsnZf6zv40dQlkfrR1E7HX~eBQAEAAcAAA==
# sftp.i2p: sftp22f3a5xwe6mz4q7ybvcn4ptrnwidcgzjmd2jz6ocfxsjxnoq.b32.i2p
sftp.i2p=kYEzf-QehxMm4IA6gp4U69wiK~sTabXvEIIJA510SeHJymKajdgYs93vVfiT-thdRiDpY2cbV61iQpiDLwjpyNKFuRDnSoAuqr~bTYckGs87CQYMsbOB0b8x3h23oxABLfqX6apxcdMORvMQLuAALgNjWBtx8hJmakzUkih5Qy61jD0jZoPrZGPP2q-XSdl4DN4o6mPiWtcta21KsPBeePiZuXImIuBU5vwNSHCOhKsmhNeSp3r6wtBCQx1DZOtN8cKv~iGPU7vXQiBs8k37TFP35Jqd7S7n~4b7n-mk9~szcsvdRd6wv2G3s95lgw6ifaUdc8FBawFGr90d~PWczi329P3pqGT306hacA1Bjhe-RFOgLv3DfyJ~l8eeC6j6ku5sBADyO1y45lYIekUL5jO01-sUAs-Zxlx~UPQyHzsKynemtEi9096BlcGhHSZ1b90cg0UYemsi8bfk8vDfG~ncm6O2pQ2rOkCw3-f1T-6tIPGahxoToTSaBJiwJLpOBQAEAAcAAA==
# share-les-miquelots.i2p: uxwha4jswnt6jrznj7yhfwldfilvyasnjruimmbylbvq5qykpbpq.b32.i2p
share-les-miquelots.i2p=ojhg1-~0poisBw7iBo0sIcyH~rNQJlYrQ7watXs2AFdm887BBqf~ZYtNJ6RoW2mH2k5L~y9RW3fsVBObVsHKLjCdeQ7D9Iqs5HjHaqJW9-DM~4GA-39JYaqY56zf8V5BKWZWMzbMdszlD~3bTzRlfXYiVCKv9N9167bH7LhLT0E3M9OZ9Xc6SOpD5efyWmR-Qr~FXq8qN0ooER0AhTJ1jaqytl1yJgILF9QbxdfTGde6i0KBSc-3qlWkc2zvTwnaPHL7CGchU2b1FeLQiUt-ZJFypKDGBLsVUSAnf2BtUR0sb2F28GlcM6cJAHZpfkTjS7SvB0DWKh8Xdqk2e8r~BOJl2rtbKBEGfBQAVynKJLvoioM5xqDkEOOyFyEZZHvCiW4O1~o~SS8zjb3zR23HfF-eVTUR-siniY8F4iELC8~RhYAAgjRvXwpF50X9McwfMUm-4etFNyQpFx4-Dt98A~70nsk2t2kdQ7c509--L57uwg4GptKEckaQJygkQFybBQAEAAcAAA==
# sharefile.i2p: o7jgnp7bubzdn7mxfqmghn3lzsjtpgkbnpjjsn6ddevqbchz3rta.b32.i2p
sharefile.i2p=QjbLFtnWRvoIqjz3hvLtRvrSFjTdl1I3aao9~5c-fUv8yBXPw-BQXfNnpR-Ts2ncOIve0yuC7L1~6Brwk9h-aSe3B3EfXXSeIe0nSdsPxa~MZmiZDy4ZcupmdtWT-m85tr0TKMS54XP5gb05S80Z1F6Dq0xfNDcIZwDxCo4IeOizsLU0UMm-LKr9vpfoMyyhIIs~wC-7ee7OGM2UhCFvO5kO9roxVa3aannQPqno9vRxgNzPpMlpuXGPpQtky2v-~PsnHyk43hQizuotVuSu9j5qmO0pa0GLQ2aac~mj~nQ1ILPh8nGwz5UjuyDFu3bxGbA6vqiD2XWtw92dNOHz5GfkuoQe2HPFcpFZncRURr52QXIYaMmonasxkJyDigliamqzFD0b8rfH7-eOa6vk9Xh4hlEbgjjGKnoqk1l6wRv9wJ3CamGLT51V8PWonZKeMxwWJaoEaKGSw1KfZod40GRDcIqP7BKaGPhFOIZM14l3z3JmTM8VUnXiHnAXs-TKBQAEAAcAAA==
# shkele.i2p: tnsam3sqig457plt6g24ouisqrxy5pebtjwb6r3gelaldabb6qma.b32.i2p
shkele.i2p=c8N19wpFR0E1JQ48iIHHxGDjwbErCs3YCWV-AETI2Y~zi8xuo4RqLMjAciwuK6Z68nsSK0TPd0YPdIB-gvQkxE0tEOS4eaP2N4idSxqfqbGZ6Fc41-qPcDs-Na2IrwlYNCzkpz-vqXl13Yak7HEm7NZt5iAnVl6GbuAY5xY2TiRPmH7XDcBS4JpofMvDe-BIocKPGxLLbztDxlFZ6TKNKUI4GBffMwoCEBvJXFVTjmAymlcyj1QGHFp46UdJPw7~ZJuCRt4qmMJrKB6mIMc27-nOvOMSLsu7ATMCfEbfA2tnWmMij200M1fHUbyzONW96-72zBDi5BozrzlOOME2LeF4VILBGSYgv2mqeDxAwZmI3g1j0UcfMndPjyotOLc4Ky0uBmq0lmEXF1AICuTicNZDZEuXAFTN4ugD8v2N1KHiHGr-LfObMxZ1zscF9~NUK8rMVrnzrnafife~LynR1nNbQOKnLmGwhTz~y9HPKWodqde-cKnUy6Cn6wT58Q2cBQAEAAcAAA==
# shoieq3.i2p: 3fjk4nfk3mccch4hdreghnyijcvovsi3yucjz3qzj5sxngqk5j6q.b32.i2p
shoieq3.i2p=zoy2j6pfa8gAbKRRXI5JCVIGgh4TnvStbcJ9VmXI6U1TLoMF-Mt3rA9Mv6x0PQbNCgKilRgEawP-r0Vckgata1OditbYxpv4C4yRkhCBLaGzmUM7Hun-UOjduk1JtsBhrat2sXBHXamhNm~tYCPfsUBUoE8d9m1CJ23JmbJrPmNyFzqSdMJq5WNhHH3wOHg19SCdnDerhDBdauU~EkEKF~urYwBdSTMK7LRjD4A~eTKCn13Qx0d0nVFJwjHCiaCcp313zgW6tSQhm7vIeh5onNRbyEt9~cNxAbWshTR6JHBaDGLu4urYPX2n6HnGTRCBqzeAOgLLGle7z7yFs28WUsYTNVaUhO1HafL0YZJ5inbVO9qCHy3DIvGk1GKnf~sq1FlC9r8mhox5C98~D9bctzRR~O0giy5hLC5mpHgARJeTxsPxY3FkbHiWuEgS0SIeddzLHB7mOQK1oGpLKYykLwOeW0xGRd3x1YovjnjPYIQ6hFExCv4tjCskJchgEV9bBQAEAAEAAA==
# skank.i2p: qiii4iqrj3fwv4ucaji2oykcvsob75jviycv3ghw7dhzxg2kq53q.b32.i2p
skank.i2p=kagASzrpRCxoEzpKoGiA1KBTl-8-VAoDqaqq-iheMu5jmOt69pVIzsKJ571klT30zUCPJkW~6eTY3Kt4HhUoCcBxQOOdTc2yrW7wHmHjt~q~Ci92Cmz8xd~NwiZzdjONpA6AD~fQkl7oN4pKjmk58ZrOHNEXJYjZzceCtlCnoOgXMCUigTFr45nvTeloDOgCnU5vdjNbv-28Cwfy0hXEAHrPcEJdOdguD9HNiTeexjb0hxrl8ugwRaNBMFpMMhQgKwR1NJuvqol87XXvv2DE9mp2Gs~hdaHuJL2DGXitoq-OT3Si~~axGUyKKpo~unfwy9JSAA0aNkzRJ6SPBFNnsqZDzsMMnhupT3YDVeEzMjQSb08kYaHeBWM-hz7IUGI7tGNcb2g3kZlUKYAB9~QHF7m6kS0xbvwx8L~nDRpLpX~UURCsvy5LxoQkebvn7UGa1r6AAbDbaJoqPWeY98RU5m3V-cbG-1D4iSB8OvRUELjlE3vL7y7JCyMdJhAJxGCzBQAEAAcAAA==
# smtp.postman.i2p: 3nrunsrgeo6grhx6y6vsx7vibm5vabtockdbys3sqdmj6vha7k5q.b32.i2p
smtp.postman.i2p=AUVlGWmbU0qNUBGvu1ls5OQcdZNjq7k1OPzqkhheGlc3HoQFi97-3BZevo4ThjL0WxHoBIMagAfXjAEm7EegzYqkfGtQ5TpEVAxg01eIGO-Lqq46MqbOFX~edpgi9StZIAPaXJps0MPtSfh0FsL-N5PTW2nqkITrMPxOuhyl8CvAdR~TxHSImMI5nNzCW39xkDrEBx5Mkn1s~xm2XdhyttG2z~g6~nec4X3rpV0sO1Fq2T1sgaKcHWUvJofzUV1y~bKnltJEB~KZpkkOxjz3SdcJzn8SPblyWAm3SUiAVY8ev2XwSaLl7-xe2bQtrnjbPfpHZ50yhGY-00wTcXEfStp~~hOcB1-mVXbQnBewe7W~Qo9bgCWtoqtwskmPQ5Kplg-4RyFo5ozC9L8Q0jxUBpCbX1lQl8PqZnd2EPaBqqDAGti3DZocHnvZ6HxgC1dkWClD9SFz8zyrVE0gSGvEVk0xb-4KbjR~1dXah3ZiFIkmAeTwE4Xqz987JtMqdvl0BQAEAAcAAA==
# social.idk.i2p: gahp4qpscoillwx3lhzd75igy6eu567jom7kd743pobixvgrazrq.b32.i2p
social.idk.i2p=01ZZxVt3eQEZH-CX5QkpaoO6w7YBFYCUbG5gqUCY80cvRh~YJZ74vhUeVPttq0K4~FHu2yWRgk4NRBY4xGdp12fzlV71mP-1lEznRmWALHqGOGmAoG0MZeAHK5g2YayyH7eTF37NsjRAuIm0XQoJwbOw2zkZ4EiR5RTkmMD5JGHcqSu6wuN7NzqP6a6x04WujZfODNVYfZRZ8ku6IzwrUGOtrf6dRHGb1Nw8sMaJ-9op7CG8vvV40FvqetCQ5sZ31DbWm9CABbUPyyWmDtro4M1UB1tnhzNSMiu5RarxuK5X0O-CkJ7499Qy2zg8L2AqMNFFW-mj0QIWXYRF5spmDujfaIiVld2HUv9x6ZbdvZyJhhuGzFGggMiyU5u9fduZ34HTEQFUU4uzx3bTSOMHMTm7P6SmE~yw0psJ5PcLbRt0EtsDtfTqQ4BHzirdtm5pFviMi49CEEEMpHYzDL65J25H6jeiZyhhpZ3sKrz-Ef34swkVtXiN3xENeBm34ljfBQAEAAcAAA==
# solr.chudo.i2p: utl2ds5vztfomjgerohvxrgaq3g6zrspyku4s35knfmu4rihhgxq.b32.i2p
solr.chudo.i2p=8SOnmqfDlT3gz5tC7OKechBHxGzjxyd3Gm8aToit9k3EqKy7Ko0~AC6mdQK7sX~B~VBhwEealGaD2rMe8eoqz3i~J0h6K8VkRd1tC2Koa60JSLM9VPgfUihFWerclRLuaMYimJSpbR2O4bMMf2vALLragb2uMTiwAbtqH~7575jlZx9~j5mfsmk0-a7OmAdFs6uSpb3GDP-v5ATIQjoOhQFHaJRSnPfcqq4C6oNUqfsR7VG9xejLRELMLBU9rAPw9vZ1ERRNl0qFTMIbABX6z45ftMAOk1Bf-LCEXmE7-M9GdCnNxzdVsJVvwQ~RJdupevj3u5uvZT1JkhsJr9Rgf4G25h1lTWoWIoT53HAtc3hy1q3KkZBdiXbC-X7gpRL9wS7R-hGj-p2ci~jyL06H9bD9JVCFSq5i0G6hIt-FufB6~09aOauYL6qy0F4mWK-ksRvCtPpuAN8sM9eyj1F289OrlqxJ4gb4o5SrNwW2erB6uNpM34SXHqE5TTNBLG0jBQAEAAcAAA==
# sparrow.bnet.i2p: ufcvvibfphkkhctwl7sopdpujqwrn2mlerlnhgah63e2mkb45wkq.b32.i2p
sparrow.bnet.i2p=6UMPol2ifCzjUkGvLYxqWsSzRqDr4M1btgxa1bjSjSnjBjbxTsz8K6tQaXzZARiprJwRNrJrwyZLYiBmnVWwRlaaXgTmzOHApxHlhNj6yeQDtr74qWr6-DN2B-DDoNoUhIHet1yTnBoag0Q-460rBYQo9n9wYKy8guVdSOG1NWtuF-ST5MFE7c2bz~GNCojCrS7nCpbPVmmv4~tXZbhbBhwY0JAwUn4UMo9fL2RWv4sAPdIV4Wc4yaNBU94cdz4PDUxavsAJTv7nllJBFXWXqFtDF6nzlJrvNzgBn6kqyXP57LWqX~AC3Wwk0RY4nkFDS7G6ulkApJ8cyrMJ-bOgqw59z8S188y4ORXQ7NrXXZDHB0NKWQ2oHiZ8xvK6pn2tdBnyVw~jpx8m2PZcPpx85qSsnmxctDDaLaIehpUj-Qb4JWOXQQnS0665UpCh7qGjO2ZSviZsMva7qicfe6IoxRK25iSmLuvL62GQrun8C346DccCLXkmgNPZHcOfHBZ6BQAEAAcAAA==
# speed-test.i2p: 7lk5mgyi2knhqjjwjeiiuwlrn2rs2s577e7jh7z5rmbe2s6qkjpq.b32.i2p
speed-test.i2p=n97z5wrv-tOHZUVOQ1v5aPllVrUQYVOeoNUl1TRoHVUZYwaE29EoWh-d5mgJCCij86-BTjDs-Y91gGV-Ya4ipjFvLx76zdaFydfeKKOyyxepkLFbKvI-b4C-y0cK4dn~D9YP7V99lGVQ638huPz9JaexjvLlKAtwjIZabqz8fuhWHx69zQrGV8peWDJtOeStSjf27k0s96Ii6uPLswtU4eHPr1KQx9AVWfna8QuVvVk-UeArJakPcP4N-xGs-hTILSd3xT1I8s-twA8-PNNupmqyS56R4n7TO2IK4xFrEY70oDs8ZZpTB2vBPHfXzWeF3vIZPYtBtvLSaI~CeJXDroBL1h5yx-l9XONi0UAF-rwllsGoz1EnOXbc~v3uZplqfqsdpk6-6oU31yh6uDV2vpkwsOMe6MrJHnT7WXEcQumxqw~kRcu0VnWotohF-aFbYs4jHhtmUEKSM6eiitBfo2XgmOcDf~Nd~Gu3t9zY0807nxNIOawjdWDR-u6VxWT6BQAEAAcAAA==
# speedtest.idk.i2p: i2m2q3yueoklbsi33b3iuwxhuotnuvbfjou6gby57ebkjynz6ryq.b32.i2p
speedtest.idk.i2p=B2UEEB2N46eJHg8wmAGE4Os9mJhlRj9XII4xR~8CaBDY7Q7zUpkBXy8xH0e7oNrKlIEmAb8EMbVQL3QryvWqug1pVCSqhK6OsdqoznT8uPejPNsEHc53RjDpsqd1yYvhrZdIKezu4WpsEPdGgbRYqLF4EJY~kBlplAaLxHPasDoI7TFVetmXAKS3A58NIHgkbU3w6wGxrbiFzlGeUweFz7QFKoLzJ8W2PuWWcuQ9N68vmkj-4HsKDHU7GBjfcZiZkE3kN5PUi7eDybmeEcO5rVUpMWBhLEz~WIs1mFwiqt8vMgSXguoPgXcuxyGHggq1OySsy6vw~XDqPD7tfCI4IFxrHQl8XJowmhy0AJVbMjEs4RVX0a0nIa2o7J1048pof0AsfTHBHzW5SabhTK28EtMRNbTu6MYGJ6ve-HjoAxa0tP0KN5jIZxCoi9h-IGx929OJu2oV0oGrqBUzs2ffRe2lDLxir7~vOR-va7ZGcgrAJf9cIj5X~tkGtNB6iyzJAAAA
# spirech.i2p: labhopl3kd3eo7cj7kqa6nkwpczc2qj52i37jky77ugqazy7dmna.b32.i2p
spirech.i2p=nQAlAIXveMnSyiplmzqNqGATzd3qB7QcqyX75JSi4FY8MA7iWxTyzE14tkgpDi~kD~bfV55MVSSkjV9xXC7tLijHNOd0ASSbRBNq00xjqYt~0-DSkJ-PqLC-AIXlf5YlPgyHDrduMZUOvUvbA~EEBrHTEszFwOr7Fla3bQ4GGSGX2DletnBg2rwXNePN69rz-KsoKvyowfpamk8tX815wv2tqREzHuGgq4VgfnS873AY0CE8vPOXeFXNo3p5d~GKjvqvEVByw1LUENKax4pz7In0UKwGOtp~6x3RF9d~AnyYKQCtWFL45l4KTwuZg8hlH1xXI3VvnD24k25r~dFHofw4IwqQ4dk9fRHgJb8yRX13BbDh4wbDlbOv70Qm0WJxmzDjrtPLyMkAVNxwd0VahnNba6e25SQue~KMsa~Cx3cY4JitJO2zdKSl9pV7zfFzy8JWJM6x4nxEyvQgQj1mq5~SfHYIBJhXr-hYJPHPeyvNziKj8xQhrVljyE6F8rF3BQAEAAcAAA==
# spoika.i2p: u7uyxhgikc5ifj73oz6yedpy5pvtynbqo3n7rk5qyy5h5yhz4wbq.b32.i2p
spoika.i2p=z3JtYbxBH26W1fQJwT1Qu~fbhrKzM7QP57ktNanU1bUOp4u8g5842HnYY65TZf1FAXXis-cvTTO7XqQhPrimMn8QiHqozYa8w2MvoTnHi-3JxjjQrSbDC5YUBSfIhrux4d3nssu8vPg~QsMH00yRr2asUmn1XbuO9PQ-y2cF7UiW9Z4KOMzUlVhAgXtQtSpVH~qSfP32QU1mTOppDMOv386IPu2hpWf1ILmPn0E7WxAyNxukIecq8nQje36RrUJ1LyDKd519CNd6yt1maTdlY2HTHlh-ahzuR61E9B~f0K2zhPW4s8AZHXr60b~vntrCeRWm6MhwkDSh1-EXwPEgVKhSlsviDeJxFqgfU7S7tGkrkWnMiRjNt9KkygiKt~OZRUPPgahhHiHLab8DXc6wjXQdVT69gRkuyN7sRsoM~lpm8U8Sfdl13SCneAAoiIpzW6tNIVADNsgE3DxXmKOncyL~dvaC8Sze-Q2QN02e9z2m7ffrI9DwUY91tDAM7kn1BQAEAAcAAA==
# sponge.i2p: o5hu7phy7udffuhts6w5wn5mw3sepwe3hyvw6kthti33wa2xn5tq.b32.i2p
sponge.i2p=VG4Bd~q1RA3BdoF3z5fSR7p0xe1CTVgDMWVGyFchA9Wm2iXUkIR35G45XE31Uc9~IOt-ktNLL2~TYQZ13Vl8udosngDn8RJG1NtVASH4khsbgkkoFLWd6UuvuOjQKBFKjaEPJgxOzh0kxolRPPNHhFuuAGzNLKvz~LI2MTf0P6nwmRg1lBoRIUpSVocEHY4X306nT2VtY07FixbJcPCU~EeRin24yNoiZop-C3Wi1SGwJJK-NS7mnkNzd8ngDJXDJtR-wLP1vNyyBY6NySgqPiIhENHoVeXd5krlR42HORCxEDb4jhoqlbyJq-PrhTJ5HdH4-~gEq09B~~NIHzy7X02XgmBXhTYRtl6HbLMXs6SI5fq9OFgVp5YZWYUklJjMDI7jOrGrEZGSHhnJK9kT6D3CqVIM0cYEhe4ttmTegbZvC~J6DrRTIAX422qRQJBPsTUnv4iFyuJE-8SodP6ikTjRH21Qx73SxqOvmrOiu7Bsp0lvVDa84aoaYLdiGv87AAAA
# sportloto.i2p: sportloto4cqlq6uhzzvgsgd7rcsfu6mqtk7wp6zmzqwcpflbsdq.b32.i2p
sportloto.i2p=71NVH7sAOTEw0hSd5svMOcL3yLarnH81mkaFefygJzMcJ8dAE8i7xzKRYa3VabIxuJYf-oMLZuU14YsJzm0GyZGTBkAoJxYb6yPT34QY7i3N2Sq86--HW38PiPQjXnTi8uSFmYO2Dku91tE30mn~gr~Esn~c6NbNA0cuweFb2jM3z1MmHA7XkGNjihK1QlD2CbZKpK2JxT5Z3FcnANR8WcUYVOs8Ch68KA-9AzPuz1p9pExxDu04m5DsTYqZDaNqHLorBw7zcVB9VswtDYbZ9NWpCd9sPW9l8ohni7ZFmtrm1llGnUSvRW2sWUlQA21g9~phFGcdHH9xk7vF1QMFK4yZtN4URln6BeMmaxqAFGAgmo3P2zTcipOPt-qJTx0-Q4-dOjLXpRSflIjo5TLnNdhgT7Mm7Qr-IsPT9AD0NmpkLdZD3r6FaScJMTJypd4MEmNne05na4qswZeT~h5~L0fS6M-3oOQNCJvKmzX0GVPKigohlt9XAU1GvhR3~EZaBQAEAAcAAA==
# ss20v2.i2p: afrxl2g7kvjstv7wdl6vqmpdmzoslxjlglf2c5ln5qgoo3o3je7q.b32.i2p
ss20v2.i2p=vOxyf4Pe7zQN6bRDB6ukV1g2aiOLG-chyB9t3vc-TIy7UUdfrue4Fl0-U1Gwj4GdzYpdw8qUAJyLIsXy-P~Ssxsjuf9HyVVGQWyT0dO3oP9tzGkCfa6prywHEXr~ezdaeQdV6DDyIxQpoDVU0dH6qbu4dm7nwvbGmtDYvGe3G-yF2rLCcNwT71haXEyacqA9xpmabY-nIK31ZEZwJaGpTNzJk1zF3bLeLXLqpARbzCsBi3Yrej7uFKwoLlPxCfEBz8zf6QTLucY7k72t1uGgCyZFB-zlb4MOJnlN~DvI7yYz9Jho7oTOYZzEHU8JO1AUH0C4fhoUKleXffzZ8u~Kc8LH9PQkQVrIjdieQHIGdhflc5rNDfZ6O9cPw796j0XhWNe7m~fJGYoPmdkorGSMXoBm5cKyw6SDkPABhEtZ8m7rqLz~i8hYw16LvCbCd96wQfNTpgDDqO~JKuorwwRaD71PohNtdLWlcaQX--ePYT4sXJK8nk8WCePwkxcQkx4MBQAEAAcAAA==
# ssh.b0nk.i2p: fsxdci6r4c52q4ftvdmddxwc45b73h3s2liyg6th3h7hzhjk4q5a.b32.i2p
ssh.b0nk.i2p=3e2CNxGtX9vASUOJRoUM2UcSfmfwgpwpVb2IaONyOTuD5FzVe5TqfbIM8LAH3o9cyPIgdbOAtFgj9PjAt15KyzfB-NOL~Siegmc9rr3sdyqTDVS8-xYMD-NAvSguudXbkRiSAWB9fOCFCyZdi37yGjD7K2Dq5V67sV-u7aBsUa-TOP~xsDuQERhudtjXokFaZthAc~yGJ29FeF5pTc1XOYodvsLSf0NgcG0356gaXYlSWI8ZWiTu3d504e9rUcXXW5QSyklH00mF~idqk7hZ3PfWidqrGkkCBEMcSMtjrWmT6xalokLOEUXSie4NgxctVXcA2duk93dI6vbcbFJqAYrp6jAWfZ5BQFV2J1wB-Ol5nhcsWaB6N1TG9emjAiR2daZz1fB-o2ZnoHR5BWjbJ-m3dc90x~738wtXY3USl9lRTDuIuIOduNyd11Bgqnr03TzEhc6nrZjgDL7AAYHGpaZs6mHv2tlSnwEChTpYh9bmufzu-nL1hJbBumfrURJkBQAEAAcAAA==
# ssh2.idk.i2p: e7mhwxyjdsm4lzyqndkwgnmvd37u34fnizxba7qlnkgme2vnzzga.b32.i2p
ssh2.idk.i2p=VWC15~HX-yJYEuSNzF4njrui3OVN8ZXw2-LLXVqIOCgL-4HSFbYaGFd0usxbVkebRZKyQY0JHassM7kNm7PLJG1hHPSw1UAtJm30-HS~7dRkyDDJFg~IP4bnJlQxc0B97xfimG3D9lY6deS0~F4nYyGp-Y1fkt6g-B-WknodQOtAv7wFGNU27E0T5x7CL6~QNyqvWFTQvsgVJHYYCUkID~OMSaoONOuOkw3W8d1pVwwO3~jtDut41NGv-t5mkPjkYeY4fppTvRrAe5bUVF2HVjvfPl6YKXA2thfLJHB8~SJo6FXM1m89zKflY6SKGFU7MHi2e4kaWG4qlPStbu869YcGhYveEqBcvNJ7rciOtXgqprIP~1DCqFTbM5MtWBfn-lyTDb5PEmHYH6IQm4C2wtLLImeGAB5PzUCHo3zOqArqOGcN8Wuzz3VGrkcANIThZrY2ohMDFkHhUsDdVEIBLZqdgp9ObQw~uctyJ3OAU3tsozS9GJYf~VLjZJkfa4v2BQAEAAcAAA==
# stablo.i2p: d2nxpe3p6yeaajchgfqwflnaateq3bueqrmx6higesmbu6vqlhga.b32.i2p
stablo.i2p=v25mbwWI-9z9jT7hMUK9iSbvX1dOvOga8wJuVmZ-1ARwfUIc92SoGdp463SRRWwqbwCkOV2-FhsnvBrqwcpWCUnfLRB44PeYulodWmSnlyY7cVQ2rBEfXb5HqRgf6h1cpg5gvSEmAwOi-eGBye9Mv43Wp2ekdN6uuXgC0yyPxW~Gl1kGtF8PooH3bEu0UH7g3FkpRJWSk-CZ984AUdPBbDOENAkcGn3FbJK9R53BXDQFufGugKZnZJoRE4660ASJcaiYAuxy1TPSdlgxfJ~zM0WkvNBXHQObAthUhfZ8fJWyIlDI~gZfu4T4q-Uka3xdtSHLZz7kyr0WGAaVN3HDTPfukkD8ofHCM07OYKggu712iBq--LI5N3Na5uctxVyiMZt9uxfhowvhSUiS6BDS1XRB5Qy77UWe9SEiB67jFw1cac-eqLZHrrMUbK2OyC88fP-v8s1smlBjvyIuSQpmZy0~A3GsQTXCKG5WVnqACVaI54V9K~6QkdK3TgB15bjXBQAEAAcAAA==
# stats.i2p: kqypgjpjwrphnzebod5ev3ts2vtii6e5tntrg4rnfijqc7rypldq.b32.i2p
stats.i2p=Okd5sN9hFWx-sr0HH8EFaxkeIMi6PC5eGTcjM1KB7uQ0ffCUJ2nVKzcsKZFHQc7pLONjOs2LmG5H-2SheVH504EfLZnoB7vxoamhOMENnDABkIRGGoRisc5AcJXQ759LraLRdiGSR0WTHQ0O1TU0hAz7vAv3SOaDp9OwNDr9u902qFzzTKjUTG5vMTayjTkLo2kOwi6NVchDeEj9M7mjj5ySgySbD48QpzBgcqw1R27oIoHQmjgbtbmV2sBL-2Tpyh3lRe1Vip0-K0Sf4D-Zv78MzSh8ibdxNcZACmZiVODpgMj2ejWJHxAEz41RsfBpazPV0d38Mfg4wzaS95R5hHx6eh7oG61KBN1cO1oY8M2oQfISCCpWHPm4WzOlfOHyZOzUHOpcYERAFbsO~w0-ryKIjZJeTzmc314vQB3gG8zMhPRWy9ff6BMkI492DQG2Qv0y3f5fRtx3BfzD7POhujoICzbs8XiCOuuAu8BO0u3k903uHAPNurZx~0jG05TdBQAEAAcAAA==
# status.str4d.i2p: ycyyjo3psqbo45nuz243xvgvwnmzlanzqbzxv3kh6gyjztv7425q.b32.i2p
status.str4d.i2p=P3ET-DVAVBeWNAye~ABi~QZuIANjlW~6L9YgsGOKFvUoCkX~cPi0Q57Qz2O4dHyZz41rt2x~DBlIPxWECcpMx86uNIeOPFFlVLszjyHF0SaBgGq49bgiYj8VaPrTEE9YBzTueQW-qwOJHfMUmoRqMamCheAVsPiPKI1FP6jqUtpWq0lo~T9OqdDp4O9Yli9uF3uldnKzYl~UDHwqF8DGkpfBHfU2H58HnovTYwkjHZfZ-WA1maqNuafV0dl1aMB84-joA-IlwgPQNvHhaHzMKTGezHEb4qTTDaUxuqOYZ9WqbzQgXsdgBGzTnaB-TXIAAJfPs7PLaESvsO4PUpzZQzC-M5zRcS-JUJhjpEMTTnnsrAl0gtNXvAOk7ACS4ifPL-ANqzZUWe59oXhB7Da8jCL6oIZAdJXZM4XKEldskQcHaSNVS~NVLN0~iKciljUTvbz3NCMP~I-2FGn6ewmeyfGgq-5Lnwh5bdZ6sHbVFeb4SkWv-KBIEj3ifshRwnlnAAAA
# sto-man.i2p: rg4eilfpe24ws6nctix63qw2dlvd2tqgwdcgdxzji6l5bc4dc7aa.b32.i2p
sto-man.i2p=Gvpg35xo9Yvq5XF5hjoB2-CFSHo8lsQsmpzuq85EPyiuSqgY2-3g1M~EfAk~damhsaLWHuxff6C1CWdHWM36iIYTauToBNH8UilbQQKmuQl-8fWi4rTOxPlQH4VMvL~lrsTWbweM7-fanlvOe1qbFwUmd7QrjHAIt1NEq3-IGARQHslNv3uPt67okSoIa-a-ocvbRqjc6uiNcHUKuC8grc4YmTJTglx1o2yVKybi6CWZaZpAVM7b~mw-ebw-F3tYf3nzaBXkIEc2-oAc5XpswCThthJ5nNvpC8aa-mku53GZ4IJvkkugs3YcSHyU3MtCXuapXVIkm1J2A5Q7wNU6lwzoxUG5vPa6axfRWoe6R9L-sR8ceOuEvgMbGUWeZF4lC~57C-cW1jJdOzQg4oscexWQdoxTe27ykobojSDVEMAWuAX1hh9tCGZhw54OSH-yU8HRpZreuFukPF~~Qczngq9BGljCzlDoHP-p3~ZRm0qQjXtOI-Mk~Uj1Efhr99MRAAAA
# str4d.i2p: wrrwzdgsppwl2g2bdohhajz3dh45ui6u3y7yuop5ivvfzxtwnipa.b32.i2p
str4d.i2p=76jw0zcIw9PuxUX~tYf4EefSxOAb8rfGC2PXO8Mfj~WMvN-jrW-0cs6CcGDot0a8wQ0YCHqino5pHfRip84QL2d59HsAGQX1o0~zFb-y~B-Ii0C0UaQXXZmKf38nfZncl8nOmoeyAbb-hkFLlvcTBDcrNLjcPFNvjSNMLrgPqa4i8hRvrKI8gBhaA5ZzOY4uAEU-0qMCHtWm5655BkMaDGtKfbM5VwxHfRmndKdlUtBKgk8DwChm1cjk3fAOwzPJriNzqwDmMrROC8iZ465rv4hjnI03MUu5wpEXA~Jh3wkC66cKYGvrCxlNm~tP5DtfVZ-hA2Ks0zigmQcKieXfcyKZqXShHbyLOhmU2YKuwUxnhLZo-4SeHxVNZ8iPH6l1MeevrRNyf5JfMcE6MKT4F8eZwlVhRWTpo-T2~EQwNqcEzA2F8kpT3D15s1xR40Q-iFO6p-l6C6BUm74s2j7uOGV1tWtEqLTWqs0RKz~ELuPlgMgjlYiIjGzSacr40cq4AAAA
# streams.darkrealm.i2p: ud3gcmvysjch4lbjr2khmhqpf7r2x5if4q43xkqdptl4k7lc4muq.b32.i2p
streams.darkrealm.i2p=vNplLVP9awdiRlfGRgUVUZOqwFhWhHacgI0uTqdJE5mJpfwIwzVK2PU6ThtD4UKVEvSeH1OfgP5GVQrrw8L0VQfGBXT4~gz8qVVTTBHUqV2Ms9MJX--C9caZz92C5smCkypCho7GPYitK5Jey1G1OT-NJFNgvBSWae9z3eePZSM9rT4Rssbcd3JVIwOmXCfBghVLPSNT0h1Jf3bmxiofQYC2M8Px3BAec1MURIo7k5zbYakHy1j7uzM1fJevCdTj112wCyoAWZsGDd~ds~KrL14maIXM8hyuju9Vm7Xnw3g8pCHulYhs7ac3vWHlwj58iSdHOJi297j7WINxKY2JSSme-RjNm1h9VzxLfIdNQUeGoO-8Jkuv8EAa2Ljv926HNWDU9qRvpyAUDKDE5oiic7lRg9nxDiKlHdBBLLivetV6hJaoBxei5aBivV4mEw0lwrbabyYiBMuo5gjG2duR-1n4BhUzuiMsRe7r-ir9lLrPXhCz9EJMxGrZ1fgHKohXBQAEAAcAAA==
# sunqiuqi.i2p: 73bjavjdhvnwxbnlwfxda2tyrwrfetumtyxwrgz4ajg6q4p4hpiq.b32.i2p
sunqiuqi.i2p=nDwo3MVxQGnL4F6P2Q9YGfrnGkeywQSFVDj59Nfih9pHu1tk8kP4RfzdaC6g~K1uRE5yjvxprCMvOWBWjvIXgiS6zPlLCeMsPnSos9V4~flOWGexG5C6MKBaYmD97abdomHqr17L8sQKZMbbgVn7Uj2lS9r2y9oeHP79YhvIPxeggS5lPPOb7l~RjGG9bSIOCm-JLOpjHnrqn6qWHhIZXk5AmqS~B9dXaFr0Qnm8tkQD8ipb3R4P-NBL6fKnNVWCtu6lX5wUL9O5pLs9j0OO0LJ3Vtyv-dVu8dfPJaInsjrfiUnrXYQcHmMmMWTN6c~F0Uqd2O3jjLjT0qAPh7BsCUTPYdq6ua1n7SjD2fHyg2RWxlgiQCkUttyFWujl8t1y8jRO32bdzL7PsUgoZeYhDh5eP-oZDPSWrp-yQc1MnHelEag4bb1YPY5h4Zptg9JG1inJEBErZVHuWku4Hu2rLk0Lz3cTZlHXDr7SyN9vzWEKWveD4dw96KrM-ce9UKmPBQAEAAcAAA==
# support.i2p: supportpwqa4cc7q43hb67tgd3dvntrwsy6725iufahm7kiluysq.b32.i2p
support.i2p=xOPrZ3oFW-2nwMk3aGjGCWLr1-3WMrZXAQoCTC2kT7Zbn3R9NAxmPGcPSswSr1yO8nPxe8U-3ujCMrGTKxdVEBOqN6c7ufCow0J-NAq00LxsjWmzUzBuRv158~HiyxWKWgAuRrx27ejiV12UwPnG37fGf6DziFs5VgVscyEHvo~WHRQwBdMJzhVzDj1hjtkh3wwi3MNxIWY7~teCaqJStsfexTHAMjW7ZClID2DyqxIOMOKo2q0MmpunmIqsqztanox6Lwgzg2Ymb3qttFniuMRZzlf-CPhfJO5mpHfp4ZJhcQBha4LK-GMQZEDv2SGY2cT-KthI47M5gvisuTgD1QgmmBOXcZ-2xFqa~wGJQZ2gb8sQbrbaxWVzv9792kMw-vrECwaMZ-rnDQf17-I8HJgJKwDv8HvwSyGNY1fOo0PJC~o5j2jHzpbXaDQYbItL8MZJ-ruW1oVYIhU~w1UlMWhB5FqbU~CnNx4qpCx99TJp~saCQ4vV2xccYNkygX0kBQAEAAcAAA==
# support.torproject.i2p: 6r7j6jlbrxb35k32zktopvr3w3pidm2baymwol33hq7xmy2sqm3a.b32.i2p
support.torproject.i2p=MXjWfhsb7L8NvUiEEEqXFb5zQcegWYcOMglQFlEWzanHuF2lAvt1375n6npy-Qcf3HDrtMREle1NTmTPzNAPSDOTzjfOPDlns9fBX2UBL5SM6TCcMUkEYjSidH68Etjw3qCVQXnEE3kVpTHWmRxzFXNNE-HW5iZAaIDSOv4lDSZe-eg7eWUXLBgak9gfmlp6n317P82HaL4nz0cSjhLrmyZheLnxte7E0JsRWV97Lr-Y97jukLe4tcTnaZ1j~5ZuPDD2qDFq2Y1SWR-yC1Qlei1mIdjJEF8vRjvV0X4rgTWndlkEokqZkSptoojnM~ZC8L270HtGpd-DkZcCzVXxnAA7msBCF1iDcxt3NasFzC2671ClCxuOtgR38OzSE59T5pM41-asWGnsJ~xSp8XgwBkgUYQbCqJwPmlz2wBwDkmY6HkvsEXjnumvfJ7UlQjmYqwhE6rwwXyXrIYudjwAWwjnAtzJQn1eVpP58-PJh~~AqEkcmCtaEgc8ulsOIo3KBQAEAAcAAA==
# suspecting.i2p: ft26ktaqezj2e5foc6knehkxfhgymqmfooif33c5cwi2oqcoq4aq.b32.i2p
suspecting.i2p=0CV0lBgWJZRkxMyWu2QOVSiE5waHhP4NmKw5Oc4S-1V~eUCj0rLoIijTEUbhAcj1ZnKzS0S9TdjNj26uTaK~N9207OU0m2cIhwKmfb6XTHKc5w0rbmaLPQ-iW0bPiN9kdozrCe-dyNa~PUFTenkVnMNuUnUMZMPtAMFMgrMc7NbFhWMEeT-3LR7WpTIvXV2Mf~2krC3d~gAMzSofVKWFWYnk0sAbBio5s0Jed8GbJZJWtp0dq3rAsZFtvcWqthVa1DEROL646xx8pOzNHbYeHY4f8amzigxYwhM9apXd2M1FjwgeX0pJX2zxVKeYxGUnOFBEdINE2T0aT52xBhNgNYCvBoyq1V8v8Z9~GCHf1GRUg4gBZyCN2zXJTpEkRPUZOFQcXO0UN-gbX9CUJqaiBUzQ9Ih8ci8UMAcEnVJR6hRSugbjii-VPsUzA4JX763uTy3Oxk-aD8ayzXTEI8Y1CPyZprsx20kMMDNqNOYqECWUhQqwI780xqxI1gkckyRyBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=UMgHnLMBDKP39mcEnqz6wK1m-mn-z4uNdlWJm0r2NgjOvP4LnxXLxYonkHbH8ZDtR359Xh-cUr3opOvrIikjCg==#date=1640241664
# svong.i2p: wlamzgxjc4k67fn2c2pdems2dzfq3hkdbbt3n7ela7p2wp3pew6a.b32.i2p
svong.i2p=mr-6K9DwBTiT0XXVzAHZYwV2y0a7jPcSW6FPqfIVYqx74fhkFvD5hO5~MKzSu4vwnG5U7RR5hreSLwOZopH7HVKRlQp6zLeDadkywyApbzgs~H6RcwOI58sU8VI96ZBcnNhB8b3Zbq2fD2xdiYATMhmDxZcVpkTCDgYq4i~jO-fO~XUuY4c3ZLk-vlWUv-7WNkDcg0L00LYoxZ1PUmDSl78bTwT8oXeAfPSxo6sqEgt409s8~9wcN1JxXhL5CniiHAYz~7qcgNrsCYfIb2PfVhyyQuCh1HXdkvESDPao8YIyik1RXALtt4~FzCghPKYHfeJCAMqC1qO6bR2r5W6k~O~eNb6fZS5qS7KqE-tFZnRfpH2KSQHN19eytnDRWcn3OPnxQk46Q~oH42RWVoVTF6-rbO-9sgCunzJutvz5mfvPPwbB0MY9oLVaCuCacB2-gv8zmFpCbSgqk1WdEikxVfk~w2C5n83QMj06xFvQApp1lEXywpYc9NnX90nGPhsLBQAEAAcAAA==
# switching.software.i2p: 4ntxofeih4fopdgl3hxn7xu3xkhrbtadnshvcc2ikrggi2qar4ba.b32.i2p
switching.software.i2p=v0-7o-a~WCffkU9-JPTI8Kn6h9wMqdE6BnAvKu7Qiu4iPeQTvpCzkMXweibK4984hA0a3mFCN3ovUEDy2JY4fcUcxg-Jh6pMJrQKlWa6uuQ9MEjKsMMo5Y1ISQcvfATs~aFR-kPImh7ST4HY9GvlxH1e6nte094hmVMUPuOctwwBZIx5hLXGpCktV3SO8ONeZxWBp3oSO1Kter0RxxAwMu~Q7s8PGzbMa2vKUjPri0la7K8iqWArXVDG8FKfazNOqobIIs4N4VC39F3OGlTtkVzBPuaXIDXb0DH5gBv-ypc5vgu~vboBdBYjQWbasBhATz5pZKIJwCroilyMvTkmzgUxBP7T1lBOZ2Sd1wsdTqP4KybRi-3YZr6qaKd1OzmnoWWcUzanT0fXKXXyuqodjHoURrHoNfN4u29rCTslU7spRVNaZR0u1v2R7AEZs2~Ph8g9vWKFrUXFtsURSFEe9cKJDn8vYgLW8a20VglfNdnAedoQ6ShJz7Fdow7akvRgBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=zE9oQ5HmLdHyHC2xQkfFNLop2QePi2PTqg8cJCaAegrOSXtE1ZUvd8-d9xQmHWh6~Axa0vt~a2h4pF7o6U6vAw==#date=1616517020
# swurl.i2p: 5inc2k3h4zjh4cfbvtynce6uvaix24orakxzwm2ftoh7o7p6tqta.b32.i2p
swurl.i2p=LelyBgnrLRSInh7KIXsduJFM6hdgCOBBbYeYj9jEplKetwxtzAoxJIlHZ3QhDTbjWgvJbyCujBdsDlykzoFzBrpeUVLp2v8Cb~43bHS02tNTvpOjgRvWaqDpnUoTGRgoZGlLuyJf1fslV6sikC81~teh4h-GXo8Q5z7K1BQmRTvocS4~eoU2WjiPb-ybhc1f4h5aOYwQx~PTwI4hujLgKU3K9Koff4WKi7dFqZ1-6IyZOcSLEdpbRlFt6K-7eI3rmDALgNtNUnJWEEeo9FLynW~pD7Zg3QxGdjDxRXYNHketZb8AcLe9SF17URBVSw2gRs6H1zMixy2WLjpNOdiHiVlK5UxU1O70d3ksV5k9PM~RA1vnCZHlOeJEujB2qeEJWGXiJPIXofoEmEKiZLe8Cx3WY7xTrND~-beDXVBsunNUUnsf4gByresC6lb07WSR7vOz7s5z~32fbQWrilmkOvj~tNCAzqu4SgLTRHEbh-BXmVB23Ec9ZJZpsSPezigLBQAEAAcAAA==
# syndie-project.i2p: xa63tpfoaqt3zru2ehxjjfbpadwj4ha6qsdvtcqtyr3b7hmt4iaq.b32.i2p
syndie-project.i2p=2~qacMy9FwwWCFm3JYRKSLIe8u6wEuinZPre0WoZC-M3IUSg8VhUp1QSPuaeFJdym69hjew6AOE-wnZ30mtzriXyvaYh7UNshTc9ZdEBWwhdn5cghMjf48HdBw3pKAiiw1gwv8WwsskbAxbSTkcQUmqGsterPyUqspSqddwUkcDxZHC7dUJsyyd4gcul40KljlIu9mMWXZLWQ7Zu8od~NcFNHVBE-UnTvDmHErpx7AWcN9VrD4j-OuVqsLYq1T9uhdLH-~H~9eE5RKekz6ehhGJRLlGB~2~MYVt4xrqbo4z18nFxdp9PorOO1wt5xiFSw4GEX5HAO2~pt97DVkcwogOEVCJbRbLiIJJDmehn5PB-56K4tjuUNFtzLAq7QQZEAAHGCUEaVPUObKS20vU~JN6GrAOAXKM2M-16frR0ddpJ4f55iuc~tVL3OFPAtha5aHP9xihP7i80rB5LsG0aT77Ey~mCWHrV2sQwhua40vP9TgpCi6Lg21DnVrR97S5tAAAA
# syndie.echelon.i2p: vwrl2qmcif722fdkn3ldxcgz76df5cq4qypbndzthxwgmykyewta.b32.i2p
syndie.echelon.i2p=4W79xrs~ZVo2nXynH8Dyl4gOTL2qQoCOyndoJaXDkt5bGDemvaCp6AayGWxMM1aFLfZayS6dy79-UGK2xabOMatg~zcvb3QNOgelAXpMhLBb3htZchXHoWed73Zu8HhBM9RkU2hEoknVIQ6wYWCDTabPwTy0AiMgnL7sPvlIUr3OoYx6K6~QUJ4aY3qhOxlT7~agx~AB8YG9lRpwMcooCy-vxwDOIP3pX71sy-0ag~-lE4UmQ3MSSzlNp7KquzKkMk07BD7TpDrxJpfi9zCqsFCuYYHnHTrsyVApFS-DZZdb0aNHPeKmenimJIiDQgueU3xwVvdINv1puT3Zkzt2H1rMqqu5SMLsesjcRuPsaCazL40J5-7f2aZ1~mGJbxUxQY~53y9eSoCR7-n1W~qL4i6LxwEXpFS4IXWi3lA8hq7i-NqMZwbwHP8elAFg~kNaW9cgeRn~LX0lCZc5ztbYc2qJeMMFtR0kSG3PvOcci961maQYbcEpHVjfgFfFxR4KAAAA
# syndie.welterde.i2p: ytgefz4aiwbsu7x7htvubdof6jwyek7pxvomodmzeapkpjch4cuq.b32.i2p
syndie.welterde.i2p=tYPP3G3Ul1wXDxyotkqzT7wCHHm0c4e-JeKbWSU0dbPI3lGm1hxKEMHXRORk8VrxaGZz1UtnQp3ERMY-8zEd~D56v4Bw0PLu~KV~pTxE7RNld-ACKTBYGj6OBmWcNYHCqjzakJOLUzZKydJDphTa3Fozpp1UyoXtZU-u8p6VJeFMhBUT1AkvCxFThFyQUmQ~zFit-LSL3TG2Y564X4b7NeWBQ4HvrxsUBgga0IJhKiLO4rXeUk~DmjwyM~nyLT2puTEJqm8T44CoglVpnJiqG6hENPCTnZ0Qh5ecZjWrP8e5jo4Dr3bYV17pSxBzeYdqOSEU4LnWAqh1fAsLolkBOHaL9Qb2JjMV-1cXlwowx8XA0pHcgIFSi-sfpRHNs0eRWIqmJEerKJiV1oS1TKM3mUCDNXw0n1L6aXFroeY-zDo5RL4lNdXvXTaw6uKIbnVgZt9qflLPp871CfEfpK27fNRlvNvQp7B2xlGCqODACL5~SKZH~28BvuCiWVHgxuEJAAAA
# t-ru.i2p: bkhuehxydyprxpd4372h4boyluardjogyuff5p5l3u7syguavz5a.b32.i2p
t-ru.i2p=XViO0ue9-kE2WPjRlO8zZtiYa8lomL~wMphNh5VlGO2mGIPJ4rW1J6sEUskeQyBHwrEyRS0KwxxtCm3Qg2o1dsMmgZyovkOgjwCxIrhSQojZ6I4yGaK2l4u7KgDszaFFx5Z9N9Y2n5qHgbITvk4oVGwmvyPYqU-CV5R4uOkXIG~7b8GCMeEMW61biQdj84DSkXfofPiieX5CGVGs30-afUGM3tol5vJFeqP7xeqiQtloYH6dqAZ~AS-EYOf9~BP3xdguEej186VcHoy89ER25gvTBDZZjt0u80KzxObhZWOW20WR14blrLkh1BBX2ieZx2o8Ifw~BoQZZueaSbg3nBk7PrbnbNyKEfCbzU5H3fnpdol671KrvDh0w0GeAmgNORQWBRygFFlPyXzP4HH~sXmvgRabKtXBJ9eQKUXkYAHnM7q4PqmXHc5JHd9quJ8oYFrVdIpdkbCjTgN3vX1tSxrhSjryN8m0rHVeRRczNiBIzkyBWPbdIQMklgHEmKv5BQAEAAcAAA==
# tabak.i2p: y5o2vwb6kart7ivpnbpk4yte3i7kf2dsx7fy3i6w7htqtxhmbzia.b32.i2p
tabak.i2p=PIsqH7dWO6vU6ZnVF3FDbtKRY8JPtXoV79H~OVeZnFQ~4wibNPg3RFrsGDV6kLwNHaQJao-UGS1yR02xhkR~FxYNn4jBHrdNWsPMoEkZ4Zar1CpKqBuu~CasjNxy2X6vwsHDariMR38TznSGojR1uizEKxhYuw~-jqu6n61r20HEUZFg1RL9j99jcDqtmuajY7os2yaCoClX-m9tHP1h9EPnu4j03jShrF0BjuYso4UHEB0VOjiMKXCLDu1PzKHXqUVmfig3RMHk4sw3yHk8kf5BIHh7NL5G3of~FS9hliZi0Ukzb5eYjoWwHvWsmcstQhVCxzWF1i5FaqMCQzwnl0xbw8TkLhmeJ0ziu3qUQKSO9nfabJ4YvR2ijma3eF5y5qTAFIcnA0nCRPoGPaenzkiGpfQ6fZWVeWkBINe1Mdr9kOUBVpnzuPkhdSs1yORCYHOBSGdh07M4IeC0NvLIR0PBySlkpYIzyl75byRLKnIeEo0xNxoHNNLy6zGiEJjaAAAA
# taganka.i2p: j2lepfsoqjhgdtipw7pzawl74r5bkfcqwtgutvnwwqkewjoiwlwq.b32.i2p
taganka.i2p=t4wYCzm7mzTlspkADMUNCjZju58uYtxvUfvCTG2bVOABo55pV~waq7LAGiU0GP4ANuBxRBRUxVhMkVQMQLYtIOmCYqSvvr6Koxt6VwhpL~KgRGA~b8dk2whUjjizEV3N9w4Cw2jiokTAmb~IrtbVwOJKbivl-~CdBHdrWNikuBV1Xt2G9sgYrBUEhTrG5TQ9YgDyzLZkDUGLY9E7dgO6JSW87pQ20wqVUKzuq3bNPa8coewcI4mL8E9pv6Mk7cMOmzJ7QppZrl~jKZrXc-pdkOLzo~nkPIHYpZdDdNJ3KVrfqk8FLTrZlV1i48n82rLagrFkfRfbUIwioVQdPD9OqEDrtqYmNoX0M7F3ir~PfZpMNh4Go5z9OHRSdmb~XFhkn3my1YzHhBoEuOgPjVXpPfczP75blUBGQ0tJNfnrGL-dzOKxd0evgICO5JeDX3vBQyWAU3qE5FliUMcNufw6jb8d5xDypU5HTso3xcv0DQ9phfdRKuoYqkT3iB97FJxJBQAEAAcAAA==
# tahoeserve.i2p: yhs7tsjeznxdenmdho5gjmk755wtredfzipb5t272oi5otipfkoa.b32.i2p
tahoeserve.i2p=tCuPEl5ZSBkhcUNphzH4RgEGMR2o5vGres44Z-ESqERgiIQGufU3sJ-wiy9k4yLzXaQbL-tvuDtpRwUhmjJhcpShk6fkZhCMc9BmI~AydflUcxZlzICERiZ4sBi5r9P5mt4weAKds21hnxJa6aX0AlpKEvLtvPBUMO8F12cO75XlVR3jrBpvJ6I~~86VlXTmdnccIv119MQWlLzszBubYCDWo5uqKubObS7g6ObR1eu~BZ~o2xqYAqrZb1INdKEigVgvVRNnFyCYVCl6076XTSeXmjJrfIpWLvTRVuo4P2~ElF0fkC2iD~53JNdNygaFdVCvhYmsq7mLzAUZt~zLoSl2FmblQDsDL73B8pepyw5IWoSbkrJ5idr27pvf1L~sZSav77DvsPsEfpRTWu8a~ln~QNRJ8Z1Ao5t8PhPEwSG4MBRwqUjMi0CoACXhi-HtX05lLhK0UYu9cOY9ZmdmNUAreNxMlnEyni68xz1Zbe9RgaEddHHEjoMemI1~rF8UBQAEAAcAAA==
# takipsizad.i2p: ufkhvmacngokfufxinfkdvfmbpvwvog5vrjiavw5zv32jnekcxia.b32.i2p
takipsizad.i2p=eKjb2vjVykuAlIY0vefV5hlvKXAUjQuL3u8gaHci0fwlegI8argsA~gH~O6AunrKMDAFgdYL~w-~4~y~9Oypi2YH2YLEBs7ae~mROSO83QNQ9q5xDLaN7VCXsxsxmuI29nLk1n90iIOldegAp3scT5M2hCeUZOm~FRe3w3U424UK2zNu5naD0JlniYdmGdh60qefQx~JNh6uYPUrPnNIz3MZwumCA0noLk2sjZ1f5MT1Q8n~xaX7vFBGBNiuFXk2Edd60ScaMAEdvbN0mLjaS2FIXEmxdT5O8EB3mPOJabae0FOdWCfvLSvMibCOB9PgNplJSsF5jmtM~M8z7RG3VZ0DIqkg8VBzCwl3gjDJUqrRonBaYjnLjIqR3I2jB2AYidfHRIJbwjIHKqynqdJ1-vX0OSrvTv7gqhnZCh20~-QyKp3nvMTtgDbjf8SnNrMTQPV3VrP84gVkuSNBG3UhLOEKZoemPgawiZgbVTpn0ntANKFtElIV1~V~IK9XPIWxBQAEAAcAAA==
# talk.idk.i2p: h2vaskwffbtuh4miwyzznuwvzsbmhcw5h2bnsmiwcmkf6r7i4bhq.b32.i2p
talk.idk.i2p=HtVdMKA8ef4tgjDllVJcJsh7PK5yNknsBchBZzK14Sgy-~bqBSgQd~bbgvTnFqZaGKCxia2o9IJcJlPSdWNoqAc65FLq3RmbHyoHNi2O4MwU1BOwHDATkW9LWDj591g4Ejf7q0X7zCIMBz6tatAC8KjrmcTbiulwxwWZ1YxfyZouHV-72P2GWIWPm22HkAR5vvkGJRMqFoe2i4C~ujtmcxkRhZZ3JbuSPlgWfx7yQ2SD5IZehbT9YuaBsCw-YA0eQ5I6im6Jfrz5ZziwOSuZvt1fTy9WG59XZ2EhpLcNOZrYNRsYp7Jeg4dA787TGVh8Y9XL3kOVpboskCmW-f5UGD3QEV~PJCkrNC2A2UF1s1eeEX5S-7VMYEpfBuWqI6H43l3~F52cMRRoRvZaECAOJE7qVoK2hwgw6HObkS7uYViL4PO7G3tcsXRe9ZrXcqm7F5aZL5W5UMLWEivXumwNv9QFSi3~GEyDS8sYWQrJZjw7r3MjdRz~ywERQpXrZC5KBQAEAAcAAA==
# tangopapa.i2p: nc2uippprvewqkwdoioh5ptk54s26jl3l6vevgcf2g2fyk77coya.b32.i2p
tangopapa.i2p=5hQwPP~d-HP0xyLpLpOVKZRQ~iyp7ZvsWAD6BzVEFzNOa4ryjhw9e69q0sFh6gGdeLBC7ecGD9~GSnbjTjX~u0hV-uL2aLdp88sN2maz6WgtEels1ZayK-RjTCv-0njs6F~GAImf8ag38xTIIlEc702sjdGJvUMtE5EWPV8fjOq9GXBHahBa-RQPMIH04HVdn6C2HPPIjR27xQKFo-StmzfHbVIpWC1Cax-trwTnsUM1THFiM8UEfXHRmPdjx809b42wbwS4vQbIKFmhuwDUONWLlO7ozUl4bNdqAj34rd8Gdr2v6VMpSd4kSArZGepdKoAK1Fbmo2b9VcPYZ70iHRDiUyM99SbJLIOAAb9eIqYQtoOjXS5ENqRZRR3QdABDMT56Vcz2rxgmRk8qXZZb~JLBgVcY58HDI4YawZnrGBAyC5vIB03Vf26sToCC1nIoHE5AN2ZmHaWG7dVYgpr2uj5o75tOGISy5kBRjQzXH04oT02Qr1jbusq0sO7n9kj3BQAEAAcAAA==
# teched.i2p: 7pmgij5435mxfa6h5kwmbn3ne55dv5gvdijbsdwjdds2hzuuikmq.b32.i2p
teched.i2p=JUt5LzjPxZ~Ta218JlFjEJ6-hGZg3VQjUDPsD~UJEmf~qlmvuZUHJlAhvswYS6s2oj2FqcQ1Cxal5518wOFXdcn~GFD728AaKeKAyKoPGdPrE-bo1s6VQMOy2tC0LCC-OQe8UzEQ8CTBYXCOwZ6bI-AJ66pM9ShkLqqeTjzrjAoQ2lhTtkt-rXyLUZae95QSctP9hrXf-pOEqBkDdkf4Ss9gEjMR0wpSg0nJsoojlzhBUqPrD4Px4GePHVQQXkSq1imidAzVAjpCqQMe~xkzOvf3nybtxvHXMG0xINlRv6cNylD0CZur2PM0nt7kaIGiv7JoA8LHhJMFJKkiluylOvKBDnm-lTzyXNifP07JZUwXjuDGj1vusVcBVK5Lts1NKJV50FhuX5UGLhVeZamCcMB4Trx3nnRoNqZScqzIWb1bWcRo-Rd6KbnDm3hO6WR22rkyulW4h4QghuRpAd9SC~~TKyBX5sYrp0rOpcMhLXs60QDogocyECCurYM4PgezBQAEAAcAAA==
# teddit.i2p: k62ptris7p72aborr4zoanee7xai6wguucveptwgxs5vbgt7qzpq.b32.i2p
teddit.i2p=fQ7rromWOofLUYTr9NjSjw78AIlDyKIre0jWgUWzP727nUxc-nFzIfiFxvTlpFDu-pI9RDVrAmFRm-kqRBeih51EN8k2Z-QcVcZqem85pM~jv00xo4LT5INShuzMD8ii7xGzKbPCyi~VT7LrGNozhxkeuIj7fjc2Da3z05XbOsvYlFEguzlLtYRcl8HsbxnNHLocDOJCEVqROHdAbrNQKwDJl-FcqEfy2zkVSb2Cq4bV2OezRZgIi93lqj820OYi-xfyRmKP1kIZ9ACQiLB70ecCENqXO~KkZsIFlMAGdnOnQDLNDk3kBUkxn1v3dmpFU1j~SV2M4ZGr0XJuseR-OGMAv4FfSiqZzO4Ij4w2fTdgm66r5sUFBKHMmFuOaMq6xg8CkVUPqLv2SBxMU9M-W9G-lqeU4tixOP2nHPtGWVYkbHNa2gZpAo3dSY9QLdH~XNzZQFQSj~NI4As-6tzqM3LTIk5hNjeWlTzaFpdc-TKZlOmBh3o2~T3Zc2QCc6TPBQAEAAcAAA==
# telegram.i2p: i6jow7hymogz2s42xq62gqgej2zdm4xtnmpc6vjcwktdxpdoupja.b32.i2p
telegram.i2p=lq5OtpZgnScr-dKk0yguiMTqWrmbxhuFbZlh4NKmCmB8-oKcpMq9DCU8Uyi7S25LkR2XUUs6H-k1etviP4HC~Z-eA10dYXjbNoLiLAFI887zib3CILHc2AeCXqbJZcqK5iUbbbPgXDuNXhpQn0aVgRj1pNcnSNv8oflKEg1V53CeInORGD3ogAqjTMtnBefKpsnzsfIuIYoOq5HJjKXwf6AqXM1q9QpXPfWvCeBi16fBp7sUEm13xn-eDACwpRdFkgFJ9tOEm7DHoeMROG5YDeXTmraYK0oDJ1aT~RKxJn0IU3yLuVnyvXqGs7ROWkcX0lXL-urlfmVB5pqJV-vyVMRpj~-Arxc5Ks9oHJifkkJpuNxKnsZOsE4UajMI8EeBY5Bm0dz1zAG~-n-7N1Yc9QM831ong~HV9kMYzz7dpKTyfoAz~QsjnPmKwTqedbFQ06Ce7b3pWhQBpbBlZ4No7Iae~jzXr19N~VRIXk7NPQc-hRMtsr8GFOZ60gqODZHeBQAEAAEAAA==
# testmk16de.bandura.i2p: gbdgvcv6wkwctls3tdx4ljmzo4zry3awrr37rkvrxcwg7jzjoyra.b32.i2p
testmk16de.bandura.i2p=dkLuVguc2dhF85bPzSopFGq86ZK41xisAdaQgDxF47--FC7gzgLkYM7rHIjldKoyz9GffPvYVA~hm2DwgFQ2gAGk7pyMYttl3Gd~aYhviZ8OVHm-0EBZtfoMFGnWUiI9ULhlAch0c3E4ksY-~jw6hhjPMuMjaw3lWHWN984OzPCDxg7RDz-mYGg2yBUfsgr8YaSPs17IMaqm-c31YdjxuoulukzZH72UccNbyWo~LlgtJMJjTcyUkJ1ry7mX8NEkk1q3syVTJt4US4Bbz2mTmpBQAm8r0qt85unYbpuPj8Ec-bUslGebTNqL5~O0bT7jqtvOEmlugT2L8erPAjwkXZOQQ5LLh64O3GEvLuJnc-iqVCSNjsY~Ia6gohBoH-OpeuTKdSKgEino6vCpZGcYvJkrTYa4W72iU2b7SsD1gNd-1gdM5SwxjLL6vPahqkNIK7zM4cciShk4oIZjqcMtexcWyWiPhHehYZZKZv68MMFV1fNMf1Skz9umVyUvCqkBBQAEAAcAAA==
# textboard.i2p: 7ubwrcixdcemzqwqzh2vaakjsnochj2biuzpo6dc2n4f7wqj4pua.b32.i2p
textboard.i2p=22tBbum0Q3LdZdRm5LTlvMOE0vHIQQu4EnXw3xqO-oBBtqjuEO4OG8dd6adaeKpQGXyVYkNsBOGGuD8Mm9GnpkUBi1S-fgNBK5VeuDD7X5Ct0Zz4VWBX3iS9DnDJdKZUL0muTtFpPBPTlmtEjX4tJK4bA76AQdZEUBzus6f4-8EfgkTLkHfSEQOgirqPGPLdVvIIZBKedB9O-3kXVqe0Rkmr9hRcqsbfe5ehoTsm82XjGp62wUPAo5gRBgGQfFCRYLMyhX6kIBreKi9Z~w4cbf66EX7o5NEUyW8WQIIeJAen1EtzoD1h9kJDwFkFNXfH78OX09KCu6IbRi4SslIyY1Yr1qNy49MisRL4FnrxTV5GbgchywabKFqWdrggLtqGkXppq64FEFMlDKR0GqDS4HWya7eZiWnkwum4D1DUdzTfP7tWtbEdOUPUSSip~YBLV1QpcKsaMJrd2HsAaIgOb2FInNkMJ~Wuwt~MVgFgDQrMriZ7ReoKsnwPAO05q6VXBQAEAAEAAA==
# texterochtankar.i2p: woqimbz4v2synkwyif65izfz2t4gbfbqjrai2ic5ok5qhnvmfszq.b32.i2p
texterochtankar.i2p=o3BnBh8URXx2ovArPdVJN152gxOycjX3vFCd0t9dgbi4ps0PcDmIYZdTsWpubmXO46PQDTgfaxYFTYfEqXwvr00svtCkpuQWloLMhUieqDv4wbkLGO6QGEgOtxGB82B~tfsh68PCmSMmyiRpCJ7nRpCoYp29aWITzBdjLTGGNtQmSrajMXKGcSrVw4m-bpzl9cgtV6h91y7X4zeXgzspTZbEL0AJoRnVbs54dmktl5oSjmgBORHMWxCqFJv04Rpz6a3XPCphppNdQUwI8R2GuxwFkUN-myT7IW5ETtpHMwjdQ2z1cZYtlGcTKKN9rtAbEznCSfG0m1eLOtru8PqwVAaoG~JI1Fds2fmCwWcw0C7RuI2~SMZnRxdiSpPxHhI9JVLNQIS0muZBGoYILJzhK47gUfCKQ5B4bVRpv3O~KWFMC04Kwv5Y9Uv05eVT-LBlrtU99SomdIlEArXzw6P-vzsJfIP1e6mv81a7tDvEuxzh6A8DBAmp7vxr-q-L2v0SBQAEAAcAAA==
# theyosh.i2p: 5m7ygxhcdyfa3kx3wfjbbunk4pjey7a5zr5lnfb3upgjbhanrita.b32.i2p
theyosh.i2p=IOW2OF99Bx~mg7qHfsbvykRc8D4HPHAYrc68mI0xgtTY1ceA4uOhEvHDEI4mCBwZ6u6kezAxp~CyfcFq~h6YyQ3JW2A5HhBBpFcQU1D~yUcooSHknWP14vOyY01UP4r6XdfonIq1u~xsAs4eWbCScLGxl8w8nCGNGbqY~doJ~hGExrr4~K5X2r0WPfVvziFciSTnDzkSiXhOQhyhqqzB3NmOKynQFOp-yuRqFDEMQiTVBypspY-3JvpuAd8pMdC7NF81KfU6v9Qo0gZ8dK6vgASU6fLIHyI4NDJ7aJy-WOLg3d5jjD-1YoPasW5g1zHwe0G-G-EO0URou1fk2y0Ek-8Nkue0rVlosNP7On9Jy417hiARGA62xB3u~elKonn2aRxIG0j7wUfnS0JlNhWW58xjxOjt5m6Bu815cGJdPthbZP4ekuWfiOsNm~dKw87yPl3N1B4XqZNStqVuJBBvxd-UGf41zxrEY82BNq8orivw9tsGTDXPoHJ52A73Eq~DBQAEAAcAAA==
# third.i2p: hl6dui3vnd4uzbq6upzxgzrga6tqpeeyzhiqdbysgxhxorj5ggqq.b32.i2p
third.i2p=2DIew1R5cL7SCRFjZrtDKLq3KWeysslXRyLfusMZdfvGMEZf~-Hzn4ml3PbJPisLARI8dofOd0C-JT2HDBbOMQVNTf-Z8ApsnE-lxPk0tS-RXMOlRsQ1EtTXqC~QRf~C4JfVXz-7q1MTLEh7XgZpyCj9vR5iJw4iUqsMwI2HvpzdIFfaJcm8wbPomyvMg2M72YsjzsUKtWNeal-3gU5t8bbCbQnIR3GZefgVqYgOIsHPqW~iCwrwYLbVvse-NnM-x0issIBhczVR8TsBV68GE-dGBUNo~QGN3wTkYgD3zCCAWNd5yImUODcaZbI-nGfwbaW4POooPlKA-vSDC18wmTY-Kqoy7nQm1aHAUSYHy7BdWpcZib9aG6Cal85~SBfM5QiwI3iJgRTovSQzER5vfm0IrBDdhdmDTOHZGLKd~zKHxiRShqpfzbNn1TQbs9vX9kyu6axh8yhuBfM2h7o2iKDP4hmJ~HZX2R4z2KHFgjNYI8Yz9EDPU4zKaqutkTbfBQAEAAcAAA==
# thornworld.i2p: vinz4ygmodxarocntyjlfwk2wjpvzndlf4hxss2w2t3fk52oplva.b32.i2p
thornworld.i2p=gwPfVpAJI18Q4RlfkPDsi6VEMrhaH719gg2S-McRTOEEPMTGKcpxzz2nSKovDUcSujZmJunU8wFi7nDnvqyHwTqwIL5wDq4rZwMbdognBuuEdMIEoDwC2iCZ6F9Y4vOG07InlO7fRg2pbtagBn4CKuR98SxOiqkg2lVUVVRN1LN7zlqGKeL90B-cz7cNgSEAFiOtQwidE8hewPsfkO6Z-nMIEGWhHvgEuQG4y~-2QvBW59-M8PTj9-4nPdmp6uKjBey7Wgqu~U9eezK-FoCmYQFOfknbs62xjBjpMFWIvTJoaLiYF7~La505EVY3EyQV1GqivApBU3HrWMWu3~jlswXGwI5ypHUGcH2-9IlNfxXL2xT95LPXAOH-92ehosHH2Sf0Lo8eO~xNSIJeJ-nisq-VQsmvR5ScsCBHTO2zuK8oaEhcuxjux3wQvv7~hnuML8lMgQ1A6h0AEaFJCq~N7c4PtT8ZXsSFLrs9T4yq1YbJ58yrGzJjVy6RgUc~VXKnAAAA
# ti2.i2p: 6r77rkt53xcjdpaaihttqjmzigvapmdczkekpogf5epdtcvrhgca.b32.i2p
ti2.i2p=f884IjsLUbCgQkUso3PoWcr~CPHL5Ey8LDuUffsiKkue7bQcjwhsxqr5409CcGeTH-NBCJZ7f4yNmHrr8bOoNc8yLrtVqKSyha3T1orqw-tUkEPJHoiELJVopO7IZPWthBzNLebquSwHV-b2ON6E9YkAefvYsnUafVqmYdTYxOrCH8l2VvVA~vMvlhpS9YeS64ffLlmMDhcc4w8KGUOGho9aS4KAS-zTQ6i8dFfwvdf4q7OE9bO3mmduPKBe1fdzPjGkIw1S2TnYhiUkLSwwXpG-xGalIDH5Eo5gQidQhv~180qP3HnhJ0uaLYz4RVBp-Htv8nSoLneHqzN8tDgyL41~7UDF-UTN1K7xCzrnjvMN9HcWKStgAY4ojMuTV4Rrav7lCII64h0-vmxosLw9J0xjYpLW42dC7-j7ERoq3FexXiTGBwpIbK5BiqDw8Dsp6THS8zi~~AbbFm3AJK7us74~tIzXSIIEgR~72K5H4-3V~ViMkUXTKopDFeVOMw~1BQAEAAcAAA==
# tld.opman.i2p: jia6vbb6vsyjlecsutzsil2c7b7owmg4q3ig3six3q77mu7pwzfq.b32.i2p
tld.opman.i2p=4MLpGAbMq7NuAsVXDuq7Pmq483KHtmv7GWz65Ot0P5IFI0gvbXFhLE3Hcq8qIbUSbJbvxfc9DsgZ3Xy~Ku3t~gxWyTxC22U3ZRoAHAtyp~JjAJRUrZHPRs2SB-m-xqaYIgbiBDU3vJvBmz54oT00qcf4CKRgfkvApvRG85z1fdK~IflMN0kztqUkkki3tDR4VCpzq6VOA0TsmwMdZCFXouHWrY33igtjosV1Dhcqf3W~4hgSsekXue2YWjw5VUSk19vdgdFbb-5Lyid1znF1~1nkZOPSgdve8pCG12TIV0o8ejO~E7NXlh3BlJlYee8n7TdEYh1kaQbDPKJBvusbu0rN3gCj0DSWZ454kUa1cW55dMn5k7NRljoCk65URo6NnH-YKWhliU5XqoiD5e4xnxFoAE6J1O737AaRhcEgv9RTniz8udMS~NDFUk6UGZD5hh5h~N0GKpDLuY9qvOa7haLzYvuL6D4H88bQsCSvnMiTUmPYODmNUUh6Aqgn6SkBBQAEAAcAAA==
# tmpsend.i2p: r2al7m32cg2ypjcny627wkoiyanrasmorub2wqla3y6gn6rwzzvq.b32.i2p
tmpsend.i2p=RIi-OogWXKmhc2gW38O5BKemCA3XeDjPqrQa7GfdrH8Mt4FDyxus56qvbbZEY9QqMoZAHsP0ewYd0hcmNzTQIKzI~XsCIGmmtzulsCM4noeZl6mTFoMTSsqzhov-uJJZFS3s1fw~vHpO7A7VAjlLjwt4AxjUZIKZC~5qBsF8DHfnTIB4Ac47TIMAJ1H2KCFXv6e5YY9-NHnih0v6CsdGEeM4a24icEMouleEGAK-y22Faq5L6eYpeNTr~tWS0tx~tO3-HPRGckHHtrhn22EGDizGkop8VbIaM5-bV4FcroiNPeTg1rzUbDxxIZjAx-HkT1265kLb9K3NwXTE~LujYbi3OZtlPgNcDPp~JAzDcrax3qyrK7TLzJFm-A6aWpR9Kc9RDeooK-RiHdCFt3mPe3ZInqx7t44zCXRGUgZgFWhM4~FToxUMS1JPtGknXAPbhs3SqLfRoi38ja3vD9TNq25Zx3dLsM2604omRiMfe1OnmLf3KORKArixz79wdR8mBQAEAAcAAA==
# tomasgl.i2p: tyiu7xok7hvzymxtgg62rjz7mvzr3bryq4i7ii7gudncogn2lpfa.b32.i2p
tomasgl.i2p=K-hqyFMrgtW6kzkvuvZOgA631qCr2doqLM6N4tOyYuwtQkgbm5L9rrW095ysHyJZzngGPnn8LThh6Lt2p9IlX1ErzqW4qMvMmK3vFn-wbwAYh0PuBvMG9wNyKJ9wu1DVUF63TBVXxcOAooov84IDP~jqlsrMav~DthJsuJQGf61lWj~-XP7mTWGywJJW~19OCwLlrQ88zZWkC5nigbV5RCa2OZmQLF2NHJ4A1gs-y6ZaXqOhI0rvkQ7HOnKT8DqddjwY4HnVCsz5Kkd3bFEpa9e5~s0z0jiCfWzUMjTg9iAgHSZb~XSj-Aubw9V1IXcid0-jTZRROAtuRkYG8lyRaiPvvLTS0NOThFoVo0OQwParVd1r04l1LRwSwdnFeUoOYpls4R6aHj~lpDLcCf3kt9XE8EV3ePyo9syj-AsuE-tjbVFDlDMS6wOEto6dBUOAa2VEQrvjp8SVw70r1AtJqxBbHX6xGd6TIjIWfNllTdDCUUO2dIvN6mriFWk8vTY2BQAEAAcAAA==
# tome.i2p: qktkxwawgixrm5lzofnj5n24zspbnzxy4pvjm7uvaxvmgwrsuvgq.b32.i2p
tome.i2p=TryeAsm7FQ4lNQZvhJwz-mYIHaD3K4tCSz7Oq7zoVBB1dPbEpvHqOTy0ANRf-WXHpB-ZDV89bBxwJi3lDdMMTbu1jkDsOyHi5HMHurtMIwzaPWZVNwxWhL3Ni9DNonONBgIaR9Ew-UXb1iTIQ4RHsN8-gJVkpcA4orZLW7nqCdckEYMVHAR87F1ca~5Vtuy5x6BCC0xCiUSI7M7qJkajIy1exF-dVt0mPY9d78FGBcFxbsMz1y2C13LLQ9jwBbRYkvh3Dm8Phl6vj6oaHgj~EFixPRzqNkUPCehkR1byV-~mrsj4ZTo3tie7YNnBN9UHT-O40dhiRz7Nn9~O3p4yXgJ5onfxViLBSTwazZ8vvrc9d2h~yPnLDPPvpn3QZ1KUjPn8yOJJI8UN6RmCK~x16-bDrjurRECvduAI0GdEUlrqtMBw~DNWasfoLi7ckkCrTsMYmdwM9CAuq5pDOaArwqutSqYfnFSPpwCG69zu90wWDFt8~-Xf~yxXHZngamyABQAEAAEAAA==
# tooman.i2p: yu74gmo2z54p55nfzduswj2pnamu62q2h53pxvmukgo3rr4s3qaa.b32.i2p
tooman.i2p=yxiCW051OYCkmAiMuHVBHKC0~TaVJfIipKP5V5q5907DSAfSkcD3oc2PrZtRCZzP-d7F7-QKdKDMJXR8KmtQXJTmSHyPpEn-0H8Xm4bw2Z0Uylb3bdGvxzgpx7zrK0hVsCcbm~AMnPy~Xdh35awyQRWN6ioEyBX1vyfy8UU3XT1h5YUJMddgG2ACtcw40POB4IFU2nRrPJ6eymlFgyRyNq8anl9wUXGCuoFDMZYaPsM3Ulsgk5r23iMYvWhs39BuhrfuyaUQwbNY6QdClxNpb~QsSyIYjHEaCPVDVjVkSjg~1GWpsTgtIUVJqsERRpJcKOSKo-sbZc-Sq63Pcw~52Rd5mhvxC6TMDLZQtNRdUWYI90~b6mQ0oqrxTt7uPkS1OoZBObY1YeN6xijJcZTioZwDtK87nb-073AVa23gWe7Wvzxc4ipZuSBukygY4yb~otXQBUf1TI4Tlomm0j7YyXcjURSFEPwhxbQ0V5Ataem1GKVteAv9aMe3YViNMyT9BQAEAAcAAA==
# tor-gw.meeh.i2p: ounrqi7cfemnt66yhnhigt2u27fkctbvct527cp2522ozy3btjza.b32.i2p
tor-gw.meeh.i2p=uCcop6x1jaQObgOqoMJLouXutMJkGsfcp06QPmFM8inNFxAruxcrQK1JyzYlOK0Ud9BQ6M3v~WtTufOYJDf14Pqw6g-6H37EZIsoQdxBgSe8FDzqLqaekulRAqzFrWgWV2POL8d5Fyf~MZk17d~n5PJ88tPX1vPAQMxJrLQv7nlqFa0qmURJStCHrIvlciiHoOEpAu0BmweidX8NrGA7A6zpXxjXB0HbbMnTeygVqt04lvhhhi1NRyzP2-rwXZ2MoTEqZrLC0DpQvNBvfhid49JiyF232J~imPrLVBVX~J1FtzK6BXxcsj3suQRugr0YSk4ryLt0~w8c8Fy2YmCklBW5dmr-ZXeae2awJhUyEwqgWfF5NZhJEQ6apD8XbTMOsAthtLb-gpW7pofkKsKawQMiiifE~~gCGFniKFzQ7HulDChzYApn0W7DXSmAEgW~tY6wHFq0KyX-~UK-yFUfYjzwQHKD2TlJ4y98HMU1IO4EZj5u9M-3e05UjEnSfz2KAAAA
# tor.op.opman.i2p: fztbxmr4goh6glyql6sna3aar5niz5owxrybv2ywbsbfqvex5pea.b32.i2p
tor.op.opman.i2p=PsoYXfSY1cqtXiIZ9O02DV1hoE6O-cNvfxMeIcdrM65COO0JEqH4dsYBfbuOTVVoq48f0Utu8UKqfKMqUGMZ2XbaucZK7P1~hSYfbwmyXKtFG0gZ8I8IHUqbBEo2sKOPiVM1DJAGkmmJ-Z7pa2BBYPRCsyJpmo4ki5MMCL9l1vKZ-vVQ~KhXxy1zyh9R1jPJmtWKqR69x7wE4UA3PJ2vOsYxR3FdRdQO7o~XUUy1u-WXHAN8p3pn775jyInZPxbq42dc6NYNVXCf12fxLEKUakQUsLv~-bLM0w0HaZAwAz-2Pc8DhkwEfaOEcB6mCpksI2DxONsQiW3R~p2HHxHRNb4DB85JwnCGIluSYP6Xn~RxU0UrIgjDZdRsGEsHvEYWwNFBnM~g2yMkQEVy0eZl5qzsDNh~h897eHEnl8-rRuZb3m6EjvorqjUIEJ-cGflZTY8gW52M0nG9cJFWKWFV~QCfgStWlaVPS5brlZYqF4xV-MwdhayXh4nO7fjc9COpBQAEAAcAAA==
# torproject.i2p: torprojaxvxevo4c5qvor3ywgasxkubs5ukazrpq3qcxed6lgbrq.b32.i2p
torproject.i2p=V7dD3-Bp7NP3rdJSHSf6rB1iDCLbqBHsgcvBvK9r5i9WdQxqulkHLEwg4PvlVNSOygpXKIgMSOTZIOPd6xDPRo5S9bjGELtCJZ6L8k4bQVU9V~cl85NyMG93BbcRFsuqbrxPNMzEaXFnkHEvwNhvYaP2oydqSIKPdqG1DLqE~3cZXyUk8nojke0SRu72ygbMMfYF5hzSt0pwqipAO5kvsdIs-IOjLpIX92HqsOKcFrdwPwKLZP8ULIGBAXSDG1rtTvS~iKpLeauoY61vB7K1GVmaD6SOak4NOjEUA80vu98IEXUM7gzJJH5iunizUMSCD5xm8ebrD6N1haPIAjlxkJJnM5NIW1wgROsmgZwyuSxMsRsRiHxsrGhbYfJJJYyQMSylWOXAeakGlr3uSggC9VZqAoH5GO1MMkFkWQ-Tu7A~y9XAAgAAAOntE3nbJ4GtS3cO6LUguwQpsI1ofUgxuCC4tl2Mu~1EGKgxryDTVAmPTEH7QL0BlEr7q7Ha9mm9BQAEAAcAAA==
# torrents.chudo.i2p: 5ooemze55xiicrlvzjmz3il23dpo4fz5iqr7hmzrygdepan5m3lq.b32.i2p
torrents.chudo.i2p=u9M4N5WE7JeCF4G-EwMM6qK~GBsdXL8VXi7YqmTGPbP8hwLnOAjxI1BAL4nUVVHXPVQx8xDqJ8-Vd5Hw7BmCUNSLN-Q7p1nVrCQy1scCEXU0jmVSz4Om8Gcgqo9o~Ebx8LVGscVSZGuvqu8GqNpF7~qmiww9~m1bDXh4U9A5k~Mv4oLXrM-mnzS2BUJ-gIr~w64quPxA40ONCQOrFTJZ-oi4s3Hgvka4R~ffWzsbzWYxToerpITIt5uw5biriPbGw0hLaDBBB~C5B4RXOG3dTHZMTRUatVRR0WuZxFNsdH5lgLvZWcxB0nF9QZdyAbNcH0ffsjj6eFzHT6XskmCUdpWHmUaa59EDlrT5iwTT9wz~lX6YLYaieKJvAIE9kYgT69JWZPUJ8oEMX0vC6wHt5cpoooPjzITNHvZweSb5fk1~WRYawQIZyYv-W6hIjWK6LP-S-37tAz34AVP9TrbpnGc3JOF4teboenx2YAlVfMz8lz14kdrRgeWXGhvu490CBQAEAAcAAA==
# torrfreedom.i2p: nfrjvknwcw47itotkzmk6mdlxmxfxsxhbhlr5ozhlsuavcogv4hq.b32.i2p
torrfreedom.i2p=ZgNqT5tv9jGse22x9v8iFCYFlIocmqALfO6afRK3w1ONFabyA3CKtq9hCFaGoLiVOH24BFt9N69kGSsI7l993gqABEXe-mhquNoehKX29bjhjUNs8xdFVquvaonEChoMpvlNpVXd4hk6f1cAkV0lGZlF-ke49uAjHzpjnvuF6GfPWpJyaczYZ0JeibpaPaFC~lJZSZArbhhppL5YSbshm9bu2VbyxtIHdbjLE6w8f7GBfPgqeJZXEgQ~W40F27xSygPr~kh3A7xexj8j0YGENwyhbz~zna0lTYQw5gphRVWubqjMSjErJtlNYdq8v3EDB8Qf7AiRzYpRXgfZOZEYTBxZQCjZtcdfk8rcPbfoOznz8dtl-sqaIWxOv8iL~ngmt7fvfaSawz-5XK23cy~LGSDnBKccwmK4E5lc~PfaJw0MGOyZkG5T9v8XunrI4hiYi7GvYOipIYdAnVyX1yudUKTIpAs0rROEp9RlOj6gcyEllmTGdAdMMRYePHGq~EemAAAA
# tosios.idk.i2p: 4mfy2ggcynt5xjkrdstwju2cqicayq7tg5bcb6o575wvab2div7a.b32.i2p
tosios.idk.i2p=3Bs4B0WXd~ZKlba~Ebi8P-aR7KPmFw8X-eWnd78TTSf1oIiRXsuc2FBGwSDXmsb8BFbLfjyv2r6miHFF~ph8V2qNIaf2EcfHAEund6z5H0VQNpS-UvtRW6bLzMVicN0RfqPp6GAoiUc-jE0ryHCSGIzNTudRI-dFonTkhahKnc~cVXBK4bc40Q3OrNhCTRL0motYfPQGSPFQ54U3Qu0NQVpeV~VG2OwrbZpCQqttxkRuNDBvr999FmWZEZoKm8OUo~cIRDJOAvR6aF7KglObjyTrIK9OANNe1Mm1sDgbte8iVtvpT~zmZWkrlM-rmvltdLHI4xR1cMjcKoBr4cn90nm20OWde~gi~IRQnHFumpjgPzgbycnqEYAopBcM8PlKh2wlKnTuHrRkd7pEy~RF3smoCEhkOp5xgkF8nZFDgiIcHIXAMqtf5b5W6lvO5aVgBFCmncPt1QWyhNSi3akxsaGudBOc7Wvs6RFQMyafQtdUboJoKqFfu65ut5Kq9Yp7BQAEAAcAAA==
# trac.i2p2.i2p: i43xzkihpdq34f2jlmtgiyyay5quafg5rebog7tk7xil2c6kbyoa.b32.i2p
trac.i2p2.i2p=24SmhWiRDm-GzpV5Gq2sXhuvPpa1OihY7rkxQO4aHy5qKjr6zmEnZ3xQXdkFJJ0Z1lKy73XRmgCyys02G25Hl3cuxlZ2fNbp6KhOzlRKpOIAWFdSWZNF4Fp7sos0x-a-9fxOWnwwQ9MFcRYwixE~iCZf4JG~-Pd-MHgAuDhIX0P3~GmfUvo~9xPjof1ZsnaOV1zC0XUkHxZA5D6V0Bse~Ptfb66lPNcgBxIEntCStBAy~rTjaA3SdAufG29IRWDscpFq1-D4XPaXHnlXu7n7WdpFEM8WWd3ebUMqnq8XvLL1eqoWYzKCe3aaavC3W6~pJp8cxKl2IKrhvSFatHZ0chRg3B4~ja1Cxmw1psisplSkJqMnF921E6pury0i6GH52XAVoj4iiDY~EAvqDhzG-ThwlzTs~2JKzslwxOrD2ejd-dcKdi4i9xvi2JQ4Ib2Mw2ktaQhuAw3Y9EkqAs7oriQQN8N8dwIoYkJLfvh7ousm0iKJJvMt3s55PccM46SoAAAA
# tracker.chudo.i2p: swhb5i7wcjcohmus3gbt3w6du6pmvl3isdvxvepuhdxxkfbzao6q.b32.i2p
tracker.chudo.i2p=pNi1q6mi0bIENghcEsSyrZwUIXC773jewppnyZXsdC56TTMYcTBg2SKph2WBeciJW46KEpBTVWrptyUdUWjxM5DyjTFDUwO7kJllBlNLr9WgzmNcuAvMIO6g63rFBS5YBwwD5Z9VX9fk9YWgP6s2t4c8jgpWhSjApn6xMSofUbN5Rr4al51ksvvyEzbBwmIJCfPRgbNv4BdWcl6H~eFxTUrvbZiS2bf8sIbQYYIUA1p7SuMWyjaxeSHd71as6KBRRg1~c06A3oQ7IRCKrnQAPVMZlC4iFqJJYRGpHkPqvCiEqtTMuBwtINjnLEtJsoCS-EFBIox2qmQh2NEZ9-HrLErIip36fIuE9EYJGBugKV5GwXXmSy7gBPuiDWAVN72C1Y6vxOpNGSpqbDXgHPMoeAH5qgsk8LloIyAE3gvdJuR9xI-Fd7Ui-T-V6CbSSJuARNR0vbfJ~mwBmvNJAHh8q14RgbIoL5Ko2iPlWk3OmI8NgNOZ~VWJUM6rMXC023vWBQAEAAcAAA==
# tracker.crypthost.i2p: ri5a27ioqd4vkik72fawbcryglkmwyy4726uu5j3eg6zqh2jswfq.b32.i2p
tracker.crypthost.i2p=trpQW0FUpHOYshwhmf7OPQr4Pyqz8Sfgm85Fz5AzeE-BqLZPvJSQwRWEPG3v4oTfVrhvRwtUU3vtzgtK4RgozFwS-IyyFRie7gI6tyLIJ9OR2EegO9xDlz6leuXwJ6GgZJwUTLD0ahXjmVYhKpY~iMDAXMe7rWTylKNA3MdfPNHrpdJE0lekgZMhErWar19Xwz93RtNx1iWgHAG2WaMov-591nLQbvLlZOkFj47dkftQ8jTI2gobG6vlwg7uQVe93K4JCGbb8rhQyG6vV9YMJKoDFa5X7KcLqWulwqqN3hiWYjKNZ~0pGjRfyD0n2Dkt~3YRcwCBg54uDrQ~ZyKnBU4ZuiXzMpdER002N5pMqt2I5BoI~c2zkjoK8m-hzFqHLqkyCzTetmEg-TBnkVleOqKrCFQVfLPwaTYL4S88r5Ks9QBnt1vwrWz6Ly7Xtg2hhPPJCc2tfwpzPxwj5zO9FEjTg-upVXtzzZFH13mAdP0ThNqxs9lpyv2iST6qUFvgAAAA
# tracker.lodikon.i2p: q2a7tqlyddbyhxhtuia4bmtqpohpp266wsnrkm6cgoahdqrjo3ra.b32.i2p
tracker.lodikon.i2p=jZ5VBRo3lIHHxz8WnOJh-VQgOcZ~jB8zBF3UxiQ-yzQFWNmiLn1OurJDMYuzTBBxIgeWJGDQ6VvVuTIxrM3ao2Bm3WLwiTUKvgXdm-CMw0UxLujK1RBoBYGPkK1KKJ6cdkfwstTzLKNeNTwUeYP3p~BOTdj994p8NcB-p-1yQkK5ArDIWAIglTUuXZg5l7ItB3F4BSFqlx-6LdeGBaL1AQ9B-de8tVgbzNZN0FjCe2doWgxz3QzNXsTelncSfyPTUBzH4Nwuegj4RUfZJnbgZTgZI6ybOk0bAuz4AOcgmI0AunW7WMO6TERhjeneDWnSpEgaBGLPe9xR4xI0YZQSfZR4P4wB~IGzBPVYfvXKBBSs8Zcmmk0WI9-sRkd9aE~Gz0gOl7Vwu2i7Q0Ew6-qJn-it8BEs2PdZf6ipBjeOb5Bp1pv8GDEE6QmWSxRnmRshi2gNP~3MCW8dh5gwMd64GeTlweMJY93zfE8~f4ROMBUQKIe9dEXMj2l1BSkbz~c8AAAA
# tracker.lyoko.i2p: aijcssqdx7j6ozhzwmcoh2ognqosauwgi5gusgu6fck3yabyuxda.b32.i2p
tracker.lyoko.i2p=kn-ikcvfvzj~vfuiIS~MAStFmZL2fLeeOOVeYvwN2P7RGocnJ6GmCi~1d3I4LxLxM-ruhJuyHnmHo1jYXkCvo3lYVbFexHkOdohJHSvJ-12RCBfY05D8QCciXd0aYwfCvkunlH2-f8bbI8~3DeJkPGPsbzFp9BVHj5PpN30efYWON9h-WHfdZ~y10hxmvMeEdFD3BwcrFmfwy-wzCfdzStXVw6Q4QEAUxzVbKuw5GS7xG7z~PnuozaVpmsIiGHQzbPEG3r99oo4lp65cbvJSLk~3CVl-F1XcY6R5kW5DffGjeiqXk6CyjFINKO8wGcyNVenOW3Yb9D8dAbMYrDwzwnRun6K5l4ErZL5JntFhGKytJ9svJWKCngYBPpZlax4AWXD7l3cqY5EAUaN7mChR4xbPHTTZN6IdipNpSzbak8mtXineoig3VYrycXnGaPYe~H88GxWhyGKmpzE7O1heni7huQDuJ3EwmCzs0Z0EhchpR09LpT8DKXPHg-aTVJmgBQAEAAcAAA==
# tracker.postman.i2p: jfcylf4j3gfmqogkltwy7v5m47wp4h7ffrnfsva6grfdavdn7ueq.b32.i2p
tracker.postman.i2p=YRgrgTLGnbTq2aZOZDJQ~o6Uk5k6TK-OZtx0St9pb0G-5EGYURZioxqYG8AQt~LgyyI~NCj6aYWpPO-150RcEvsfgXLR~CxkkZcVpgt6pns8SRc3Bi-QSAkXpJtloapRGcQfzTtwllokbdC-aMGpeDOjYLd8b5V9Im8wdCHYy7LRFxhEtGb~RL55DA8aYOgEXcTpr6RPPywbV~Qf3q5UK55el6Kex-6VCxreUnPEe4hmTAbqZNR7Fm0hpCiHKGoToRcygafpFqDw5frLXToYiqs9d4liyVB-BcOb0ihORbo0nS3CLmAwZGvdAP8BZ7cIYE3Z9IU9D1G8JCMxWarfKX1pix~6pIA-sp1gKlL1HhYhPMxwyxvuSqx34o3BqU7vdTYwWiLpGM~zU1~j9rHL7x60pVuYaXcFQDR4-QVy26b6Pt6BlAZoFmHhPcAuWfu-SFhjyZYsqzmEmHeYdAwa~HojSbofg0TMUgESRXMw6YThK1KXWeeJVeztGTz25sL8AAAA
# tracker.thebland.i2p: s5ikrdyjwbcgxmqetxb3nyheizftms7euacuub2hic7defkh3xhq.b32.i2p
tracker.thebland.i2p=gzBtMSRcMD6b36PmPCQWZhh30fYm2Ww2r4tRSref4N2T4~cnXK3DjJOuJwao2jRK4bZwX2Rkyjw849xrFMqaR3SdPe3-K61B~Kr9Uo1KLdm3~oahOWFmCaIlipPs-i3jdTT~721YUcYB09n4PGrDq5KZSOOBlLZKulJficO58QRUlDpva4OCCRrX9EUCoAavOciKpvKtnGwl6AiPFu8WnmEeGQ861vjdirjfkHWNp3gj9IjGuxJNcgyHi51BWYZM6il~LJTcbA4zuZn~qudHIx9uzUtO-t08yzSRrmfVwVVVru6-~BBX0ipADi9UGZjyB-PJEKKjizUPxSp2OCmiOlQ2iXpKs2j8yfjHJbn-eWKpIh4jfpNigy6AbDfzFivkvm8lt8CleYf-p3~SHdqIL0iEaacxi5BAU4Baj5yS818kPQP4hEEMMtq4WnKjl4IW64swXSg1wlVBTiKDJzzQGK20jySBuPxhEbd6sfAeirzn585g5EqeV8DLqsMfe5pZBQAEAAEAAA==
# tracker2.lodikon.i2p: q2a7tqlyddbyhxhtuia4bmtqpohpp266wsnrkm6cgoahdqrjo3ra.b32.i2p
tracker2.lodikon.i2p=jZ5VBRo3lIHHxz8WnOJh-VQgOcZ~jB8zBF3UxiQ-yzQFWNmiLn1OurJDMYuzTBBxIgeWJGDQ6VvVuTIxrM3ao2Bm3WLwiTUKvgXdm-CMw0UxLujK1RBoBYGPkK1KKJ6cdkfwstTzLKNeNTwUeYP3p~BOTdj994p8NcB-p-1yQkK5ArDIWAIglTUuXZg5l7ItB3F4BSFqlx-6LdeGBaL1AQ9B-de8tVgbzNZN0FjCe2doWgxz3QzNXsTelncSfyPTUBzH4Nwuegj4RUfZJnbgZTgZI6ybOk0bAuz4AOcgmI0AunW7WMO6TERhjeneDWnSpEgaBGLPe9xR4xI0YZQSfZR4P4wB~IGzBPVYfvXKBBSs8Zcmmk0WI9-sRkd9aE~Gz0gOl7Vwu2i7Q0Ew6-qJn-it8BEs2PdZf6ipBjeOb5Bp1pv8GDEE6QmWSxRnmRshi2gNP~3MCW8dh5gwMd64GeTlweMJY93zfE8~f4ROMBUQKIe9dEXMj2l1BSkbz~c8AAAA
# tracker2.postman.i2p: 6a4kxkg5wp33p25qqhgwl6sj4yh4xuf5b3p3qldwgclebchm3eea.b32.i2p
tracker2.postman.i2p=lnQ6yoBTxQuQU8EQ1FlF395ITIQF-HGJxUeFvzETLFnoczNjQvKDbtSB7aHhn853zjVXrJBgwlB9sO57KakBDaJ50lUZgVPhjlI19TgJ-CxyHhHSCeKx5JzURdEW-ucdONMynr-b2zwhsx8VQCJwCEkARvt21YkOyQDaB9IdV8aTAmP~PUJQxRwceaTMn96FcVenwdXqleE16fI8CVFOV18jbJKrhTOYpTtcZKV4l1wNYBDwKgwPx5c0kcrRzFyw5~bjuAKO~GJ5dR7BQsL7AwBoQUS4k1lwoYrG1kOIBeDD3XF8BWb6K3GOOoyjc1umYKpur3G~FxBuqtHAsDRICrsRuil8qK~whOvj8uNTv~ohZnTZHxTLgi~sDyo98BwJ-4Y4NMSuF4GLzcgLypcR1D1WY2tDqMKRYFVyLE~MTPVjRRgXfcKolykQ666~Go~A~~CNV4qc~zlO6F4bsUhVZDU7WJ7mxCAwqaMiJsL-NgIkb~SMHNxIzaE~oy0agHJMBQAEAAcAAA==
# traditio.i2p: wkpjjloylf6jopu2itgpktr45t2xvpjijxilxd5tq4i7wkqgwhhq.b32.i2p
traditio.i2p=rtnt69tboo5ht8FZJeNeNc1~TQnIwz3OxH8mMflDZJkx-uIynT3I7qJ86Ptsg-q1UjBVrdvobwL~wqjc8iI71buEio6cFNmHFT84tYynVy8oXsg6XgQQpSNTcfBPSDbDGuavskz9ChKpbJ9WdBFS~cYeSj3zzhS-YVqxLhn1XdktPWyBt1EJSkv2qMPUaTazkeQ~5wti1o0LKZ6rjWxLUF4yNLNpaBWqunXC5rC74KIEf2FJI5NzVIrG6gB40jneblSflUqsoN6ejhJ15pA66nHrx7pEgc6-32KPzNqzSzfQxS1dzByo8d1U8MdweD5TW7qjzyfE7IMOJs4-KKZpmg4qqU7qEkHLsX5-pKIA~K2LWOuL7JooBu9gSJi9SQRd1YSaGuPM3enrxIUtSpFTCyHbm6sZAQ~4pNF7Q5H4L-zIb5i3kpwXXy3Ws2xp~5SK8W2oN8TnXzOXGrFk0vxF2KXweqZkuoBOk8WMYWooSZTml5F6ES6Y7FwDOtNFSedbBQAEAAcAAA==
# translate.idk.i2p: g2l2zr4moqsk2bec346i5tfd2o22cozm5b2k4ifdhbcayazoz2ea.b32.i2p
translate.idk.i2p=B~8oITbR0AEVA9GTEPBoZ6vpQ9URiu-exsJ0i7Z1sWDFlUMygCe915gpOcXqXNUyx0K3EC2dGtj1T7q~dzgW5EIXZ5WCv6KlWFnX8O0NoQB6g1DU~KINBZfvgeK-l2s9qn4PCn4VdW3w8toFp6ctYqPsoZaHjZ3HD1wumielXor3auRr8CavOuwbNHLGdnSOQWSwJQ~S9AKOPSRHA5EnjDd16-tzArD3Yxc7xB7-uLiNRi1Uwh5LAAl1aX9OD-gnMR7F-D7xMuvhcGBrPgjoyEKITed0WNO0Z1YYlkCuYWhipEap348vl9aEcWftPM8H-CHZFHZrWfewa7KisKaEi7sV0YYgH9HfiAYW1tNHekFLN-7lLrJghLhAxwPao5eZVecmEgqqYJGNXU6652K4rDIYOxilOPR3C-jDUvilfGenOP66p75zUBDRnfUiIXFJa8efgwYSloA4QeMmpcACj5X6U34YtQf0R4hvo8yUCUG193K96nL8VMAW2AFUGfxVBQAEAAcAAA==
# triangle.i2p: owmdcs3jcgs5qhx6tvuq7qei4zlwlrptqj6estdts4qeabo3vdsa.b32.i2p
triangle.i2p=t~7AHdupGaNUfPUpFb9gJf-Fq~noJYUwvmeWPq~sErnuSKNarGEB6~7dI-ezjBcsdCv6We0EpbBOhaeAACdZrJ7Z9HlAnWQ0DDh3y1UTFEQsi5if8-YvdYYwrwRVdrwI8TWqXnD3K1B3BWvZivawPi0q3AqytSATBEE5ko0B2-eL3SCaiah9fqPbyLh0pWAM1p2VrdRFt7Q35Nv~1zmgT36BPAoGxK8p5KLOIpY9YcNdLPpDlCagYm0jZDR3GwpFmHn76L7pQbYhZMiXwT8~VbMJG3CQ3N0LM0lgKOZjOl4QJTmWnYnxaHFgvpPXWscC0kEvID1XMyRKSIRzqvNP5dL2JThjB-YvgwEcDWDnWS5~LqLbFmv27gahVw2ZraqOzg6G9oe3lC4Zha0dXoeXUaWEO5qNp2Bw4w3Hup7T7WQgc-5PLQsNPD5z9cBasBVw0rQEzVa5BXGXMKy3oez8hmo8bRypkUZFCyl7-s6u3Y28CO2Wsh5K1cXCki2X7RpWBQAEAAcAAA==
# triplechan.i2p: blrplscno3ecqb5ihhg73kufmypydjlv4r4gqiajftup5wmcdwna.b32.i2p
triplechan.i2p=VdmGSd6s2p-S72CWLwj6D9XgdEBPfarBXr4HbanRAXhfdMdxrV~Vl~Z4m27L8zKqqnkbWEZdfeIQuiKsCQQic34ddaVuy7xteT4aB27EP1fX428wsLWLFMFKDw6KM3GHwzx9ggVaD1bDTQOD3bcvCXPFyhWj1bvo~zqEAlOlp3gZICTTxDdqg-dBsgHkjAdXjP0NWn9Md-MJcsjnGDw6QFGhM-a2NViAa~2pdbGO3a4kQo1M~UbqTPVse5qUCRvghJcFCstycExOmm-24U76PoKBEQGe7VIlxNSiaq2IIOPUPxO32l8ZD6fJqLdneKxE9H6R9nXQJgYY64gYvPA1iSwlAjFGerKxwFosq-J07K3-tUXeNvl26HT2bA6FrRJsJ6Shve1S5vqDL7YioYo3ggIXWomgrYkyRthpRpsJYPK~K6Nyn3o1ymK0-pRuc687BARwtxk~Dml3g2utcQL6GaR4wwtfEsO-SSBOa8X4BmQtVEmZ0uWYTPPB56J4J-TNBQAEAAcAAA==
# tropical.i2p: vtbqbygxzkfekhgobuhtwwzrabgcitoqzrjytthsx6zsczo5kvra.b32.i2p
tropical.i2p=KetFh8wXyqRl1uIDHbFh24N3YB6yYHGww27LqBSNjgUSgxz~HBVgdcmE6For326H3XFuzLVTO9Fr9g~dl6tmO3Nr-FDV0ZHkvIM8Eez5nlZUNjIW9D6TYh3nE5OPkTj1lkNQMMyya1LuORRuZsPGiJMPWPG61ZLiilztKLRyrzJdqut7jEYGBK4dFAhkvx2MT2o8tAfPr-o3cjgXt6ElfmIHq0o07DZ1~foECtoRuB2qDeM2ZsnyZvNk9N~wWIJ~tPgLzxMzHuLWuOyu5GLsmdQpsirQubwJnmwPAMLlPG90SxnbUx6XRt6xfc73SEbA3fKn1QThztCOdNZihfxGNDv9Jq-UDt8RHS0RMpMkaT920vUsqV~BcZz~yomQOAEIBqX8V39vhaDtI3xHHrm6xxqUkY47-Yv0i9iYfbFSBQMZctfrVlTNkT0fhNrIPnsNCKF5a0BTe0vvgoW3ouf3UuUjA696u9sfiqa6ZxFPXp~7vIakyZJMlo~lVlOni6GfBQAEAAcAAA==
# ts.i2p: nebcjgfx3f7q4wzihqmguwcdeopaf7f6wyk2dojw4bcuku472zxq.b32.i2p
ts.i2p=yCFopWHe7p6WkuewDlGR4ZVZe99f2jas8ZxnVeuTmbSeYl6dToCQLARvvhU4ZhNSa~qXRWiQsNp8joPcu9Z8Wcur631PVdn2WXvZeVmKOrykPQl7ocJ01Kr90xVJEEuu527cBDLNBUqlUVM3Mf1i3nKFk0RgndLI~Y2Oz~PATFHFG3ZfHgjTjYPU2p7jPL-GRNqq3ikvSyrd6U6awIijmPsnEpEDLzwk9eIy3XqeVswmG5yk7hE2RJJMe8K4YTHOKUmHFu39~wvYtrF9RJqlNUcOuhgajMB1oxJdaIWB1zonb~88fXYX2~gSR22U-yePJ35QTVlOjcYZKKIUFxHg5WAdjhHnRR1cTlKWBpUcPql1Qw6V2YlD8dbl8o-HrvcHP3cMRd5FEqeNcNUus09VmiO6YSlAB3dCzcdZEHfRhRnp8yyyLshBI1Z7C9Wvo4DQz8eVa8ZzCQAc6yTFWBU1cUNKMw-7Qcn2o1mhQwqpXtQ~3qGkSRoIm-CUngEJFwtuBQAEAAEAAA==
# tumbach.i2p: u6pciacxnpbsq7nwc3tgutywochfd6aysgayijr7jxzoysgxklvq.b32.i2p
tumbach.i2p=jl0YGtZcSMpiB9GH1FwDXpOAGy5DZzUosyDNm4y4-tghVDe3OmuMKzItklCHZtPsqtm40EYrrk9OiCN23X0sVfHmAy5oN159xaJbQSNopyidIvRmSKUVmwl9ISg-U3iPZxKT3CDRL6kH6IihfweM6Q4O1OD4Lge8dUn8lNH2i2qXUkfdcZGs-2YWDm-yKld28TsYZYIqToCdAsC0vhIWnXNAoq98RmPm5RGrZa5~ke~9S73Fw8jm5Igo2I9sg64gYg9q-6kBWiEh-X8Nxuwl2XeTmg3fUBOVsKTaZ8aAN6yGTcmbc4YNO7-vglS7piyeat5p8aD6uRk6mhtFLseD8paP-NqbfpQ67hkY7tQA7P1Sx4Q2X4dE9UZdwfMp5crBCZrPIRHAw8v3xl69zTmQk68GY031Qr~0lzFO0fEBw4wVxcRBibMhdQ89KCQXMKXyaQkZBiYGiv4GpZDXAbK0gjvO3J0bqV5LiaQfzP3Xrpu5G7Svkk41KGi58STbMtKQBQAEAAcAAA==
# turtle.i2p: jz2fxg5hmlq75idtkyjodeht74cmg6zucw7fgr3rbt35essuh7xa.b32.i2p
turtle.i2p=H1W8-HHztNl1030KETU~0mHsXr-tXI0~nzQLrSWez5HNCXZK~wX6ZbBV4vojbPXDJcmlUif18Gk1QeBZl3Noq8h1xo8CqJwoMVaeBgIEK-3jV-FGMyxt2yeoucZEjZCqgL-mHXqiepXaBH7AQQQxWzq-Gz-3pbFGndJ78gTcwq5UfSglrxZI3sut7KSaFLZ3eNA9sNyIl9SbKuxhKSHyW4Z4QIRkynCumgyWC~I9RnsL~vJL7ZsfpxmEDQtmPxFJTmw~a0TkL8TnCNKjrVeB1uXwfDI8I6bsyVv6F2R~0E~Yq28s27KEkwatztNx90ztzMlcJRVcKwZ6L3jYtyj2MIu7UAWUXA~SgHug85~mgfikcyCiFaChANSahi4fYlXDQftaOB~bZIzO2TitPsUnPpCSsnhd6wuBJ5Ieo5s7b18sa~-Urs4pZ4CTa3kFpVWYK4qusNWz~rZ~iKG5PHA27rOz0cjCoDMKdETQ3tF0aCLNSy0erUCYtVjGk6q4u8arBQAEAAcAAA==
# tutorials.i2p: zy37tq6ynucp3ufoyeegswqjaeofmj57cpm5ecd7nbanh2h6f2ja.b32.i2p
tutorials.i2p=pdXBRCB7lp59fGnX9umwqE3jdJh769TNNAIHyxz3OIQk82ibI~Da0SlKDTdSFvE2IqwOS6pTq09yYuI5BJtJMZJlg3NBiqU6zR0IMH~5yrD4R3XmOzFJRmy78Fz~m0VmhoD62nTx9VUakhNuZDY4sd7LMcSURZYK2wfLiv5QNt0RHtzV~9tFyZd8mLq4b-KoM-CfucLVnuKGiWZxNJbwkadjG3A7dYhjw0o58Wv94mFHOew8v5qV9~ogeQY3lxiWD5yZyX3jQSuCGW9qQTd7BiR7QrXPrQH0JV4KW83gqxFvGFB5OazvpANM47VCw353PPJXbf2IBF~Gqw9Z~1lNkEJq07z~C14HIQXafCquxW8JpFdpcwo~efqrPjnHc-7Z2mdq8VAlqJVleLLf-Ps-wN~U5J5LgO8hnxFN9VNJQcFop5LTwfTPrEwl-z~eVGJej0GaGw~QQtEjPzuasxIAvvHZGDbWKinBjfeU73KYU1xjtDsxEqmPioPNTFC80h60AAAA
# tv.i2p: znccrkhtgz4wqceyofwsqdsraqhdtteqzrag53lgmp6rhkutuy6q.b32.i2p
tv.i2p=fjVuhREXYZ~RFRupucnaWHHEX5-~qZdPN7Q~nTUfEzSJH-B1t-jois8GaUaff8gRx6JIR07u~Tk6d~qjm3W9JU5L7oJ1XWPaIDF3D-aqUDV7McLaWzkt-n1M3Pb2xOvi5AWxC0DIB9QyKu8GznYdGebg7H5v40mCaJvl0vGYwzk84dvMuKrnx7H9TdC0hJ3FVCsDEM80BXyupvcfsLHfr4NgulRdOtwK38jfDzLPxqt2JaFZYLL5cVHTrpzHhggh8mJAyL47oFB1-A24d4qXybdnNIJHJ5wj07I2htR6WvIETOv~0rnRBPdavgYLGNX8c6EILGFw4ZPJ1Ow2ZxlVZQ9iOpAMJdXgvATI8UVcSJcG~sDCVOEzJh3~IFv9yiOc7mxng4wRv3KzB6wiLh713tONyS~rd8iFQZm8lMv9lc9fe07e938uSNBWI2CHxF52zablyYC-W0EKTydZweutfkcbGi-Oi0ys~v7BjNnnBkN1cYc9pxFRPmmVMw1wAwxPBQAEAAcAAA==
# tymcz.i2p: pyog2x6v3eyna5pdr765osut52tpbmaheyi5atbqfaixmcq4dp7q.b32.i2p
tymcz.i2p=tQ8jVHKyaGwg9ARwuc6Ae6Rtp6nM6~3GUm9ZmClPBkh5CQ1ElIQlXICxpmblsPbFnX59VryhAm2C2JBLJHF4bnFqP~te1HSoVlL6jcUy48vHcrk1Lz1Y02z6EfWvibcCB8FQY0cYYQV3I5kvLg20aAkaA9nhF7lXZOBmMIRxBUqYzCnR6aenSu7KPKMovaIQ1oP07t3ImdTCxjgaOYlec0mDryG-035IgB1fBJCWRrixRrhc1nLfxQEZbXL3nmxEqsgXoA1CymIzDBE6Vjc5CzudiW-xUfkFPR~GTA-MeJ-zSXJ037iWl2ANM69TtAhXHGN3kM3NP8ToM0dIuLywI4JVlUBsIv3T8JeCv97SIDCiBR2s4ZE25X1IQ-rcynseNC0pvM~sraTwJAgAaU6eN5IuG8D5cbPvUzfmwiC-1uD8htd4oY8bzHwl3Q1GtY7Ou9wz4KjFmC54A4~tpEz9qNqhyYNBpQAK6-ZtSyuCPVzEX6Rx3zutzfZJ3FYxWDvyBQAEAAcAAA==
# umbra.i2p: xunb4chkeo5xxpfkwrkaqb5etmqpp4ddgvcmy7qkvtxhk5ihck2q.b32.i2p
umbra.i2p=dyJ6P~FcAQ8Eig2G8RZQshinJ2UplC~96lcy4yIWc2XOIHxrBCBH24-~8A62JhgZt4AXaHlKijY-~TJ1pX6C6yB7Q93ui2hnF9Ffj0t7xMSMrqlFdsv0F~CcL5AsO2Wzmh0IKLI~bsDbxoYZmwBbE~m-hrtEO2KA5ByDV04h38s5XDADARXUzaPJN6FR98rMHVfQDgRlbkFR2k-ovIyVMfqZyR~cDfk5Iut84jrIzntJ7RDhzjN23JQZfyWUDNB2MB7q7fz6Fc~71wBTMm-W9xjhFSQwe~366nHGiX~xiuJgh7DD0gimKUCEPmQDbhVSLXKxcpzjBtk-OuKVg6VwzjBvKVY-PM5byGjKMAIGGj46vsuIRZJiJlCwjaMPogjok95DZhLW3pkLbtQ51YfydMBV~kBLDgCA~yfibTnhpXGM3KuNz6bchS~Lh6u9ChH1gC47nhDb~odde8RMcrg5R91yOQL02WMbi~lfnsdzINo0AvOoBEeB3X1qOZ7QBaokBQAEAAcAAA==
# umbrella-corp.i2p: un2dk5c7zp5eeppownhi5hbdrjbrz5a2qajk3khj6y6tvu6w4lea.b32.i2p
umbrella-corp.i2p=-6CO5zOTJtmHTs~po3ikJWqy9kBMrBNXhLjU8h-8c5JKl8Len1KpuzLataZGoqiTH85gAP-aHHsRQQZyiFmYXNRqYxZm1mRkyrkXxt0YV8YuiGIQ-bKXNaONXhto5p4TjS-7HeOM-sO5voOZ2gPU2Pj1rE61m9eEyfmbv3GgCdZ02pdywlbmQoRg0IMhctwqsRhIuVDgjU9Ew8ZEvr9lqQ0FCzFpsTW3A1iIpquySEv6VDbFh-76pynqcj-78QFMoob-Gl7UXXApigSVGxKj0JnbJFO4zvNWwrgB2I7CE7gma5b6WS0fcY8wdrHwgyqTse3HgD-8FRvvUeRnQjX4bhUuAXV1Auflu-7I94WctsXUBpXH5~hN8kJnU0llCObTKzrMvsKoAAiPTVmBZPpoSJIv4dy~DdFJQRvR3WUM-XxQuIXHMSl10VUkyIXcrMqC642X6UbWMpxvNScn4GO1SJlqG45OTzs355d5e0KQnrYs~biThyY8~QSTV6Z2Y7s1BQAEAAcAAA==
# unodice.i2p: fukkqcornjsfn2ggd2h4cgeitu4dbin7hymp5xf6zypwzif2pcoq.b32.i2p
unodice.i2p=cXGRfar~7mFzG4iSKafkaI2xA1rPp19wgWRP1IHcfNcu36G7xqzBz-XZ8lxTdYev2vtMI4Wf9-heg~G4Gw-ozhuG7YLtPEbxZ~O1QgFsCabhqlcM33jnULpymfOeMsbJGhHUz33lofyf5c~DxbebLgGKch-wxovJmQlmcu6RHAcHPljm4dYE~78TaefRMEilPhbCjH9aNfkY43KytYV-IH99X03R7O3px9vX5oLysGCsPYgGBiJEHekhpz7L2M2NAIqY6ZLC97HQ3QnjlBVYLz1HOqQolQrCTksAZxjSfZEB7Lc-sDPR1aJOEROkVlYWkbx4n6Rb6mYgRYOJJ43OWW0U9igV7L7M4fE~lNSLqoIGY9N5yFdo2CQSbvk1fzClAgNYIz3kvW3mcW~bzTS-KmYsksjU~F-9lBnJLjbXsYnJ3wLBzbVgXIiU4qzpKUCo4Sq7xxSyqXGin7wOHYdTmm-vZhzK1L~uQNi3Cj6EftckEj8zBGRvIUtgagpdF3yYBQAEAAcAAA==
# update.dg.i2p: iqj6ysfh3wl26m4buvyna73yhduifv523l7bwuexxak4mgldexja.b32.i2p
update.dg.i2p=VF24ZkA7BpNnX5pjhhcqdQoopDX5JPLWRPidbAWXut8OMA4BGoCfGZo6hkT-WhHHOGi0OR89XqpZt6Pvf~KY-SahxNg8LD8FsWdLhaq~PXPi2H8ZGfEW7moEFm2sIlGbwQSWkFwQHmqRRvOs-YkuFFPeSRVMGzBkZGhT7~yJ9TjfpESJo~K4UEYZFp6l9BNj-kLeqEzXd4cCR8kYhubqvRGcdStNWyTPgIjZA~TffAQhR6RvLJovQbIaio8TXECFA1WE4rlX7FXlZt2DLGUhmZMEOisTS3-bH5axZID0461X8nEs~z-DuPl6CO7KFnxspWmA1gNk7Hdwcn4Jzy9bRg-2W4B2Dhh-k7wIi1lI-Tebbvpnx~cwoGjalpW95DomqcxQThQ7ffHtCIZw0GwM9ZJD-diB5zR~jDLCEr8VfiNpHuKzFb3z45QowTo4woXBU1wY0FV0cXYXrVjWz10v96bN3~v99Fp8yFJTbCNwsCf9sOl6ymqJj7l4j~xyxAouAAAA
# v.i2p: znccrkhtgz4wqceyofwsqdsraqhdtteqzrag53lgmp6rhkutuy6q.b32.i2p
v.i2p=fjVuhREXYZ~RFRupucnaWHHEX5-~qZdPN7Q~nTUfEzSJH-B1t-jois8GaUaff8gRx6JIR07u~Tk6d~qjm3W9JU5L7oJ1XWPaIDF3D-aqUDV7McLaWzkt-n1M3Pb2xOvi5AWxC0DIB9QyKu8GznYdGebg7H5v40mCaJvl0vGYwzk84dvMuKrnx7H9TdC0hJ3FVCsDEM80BXyupvcfsLHfr4NgulRdOtwK38jfDzLPxqt2JaFZYLL5cVHTrpzHhggh8mJAyL47oFB1-A24d4qXybdnNIJHJ5wj07I2htR6WvIETOv~0rnRBPdavgYLGNX8c6EILGFw4ZPJ1Ow2ZxlVZQ9iOpAMJdXgvATI8UVcSJcG~sDCVOEzJh3~IFv9yiOc7mxng4wRv3KzB6wiLh713tONyS~rd8iFQZm8lMv9lc9fe07e938uSNBWI2CHxF52zablyYC-W0EKTydZweutfkcbGi-Oi0ys~v7BjNnnBkN1cYc9pxFRPmmVMw1wAwxPBQAEAAcAAA==
# vanity-eth.i2p: 6djvwwd3mtozyqhpuyvcwqkje5fk3rbxqbgqgdlr32b6hvdqeq5a.b32.i2p
vanity-eth.i2p=AWrRGvz9pyYM1IMfarrKp7lHt6BHiBrPJxgBxRDY-MNQy8tXy41z33S555zi1Y27zaVzu3Wa7CjQxL7HY2eyX2LiHLGyF8WEsb2QIOYwLkUYzkhrE1BivaJfxAvMqIx7MmXeD7n5j5CXKxA6~0jCZllzt0~rl8o9hksnqhrjfugDpGJBS-fbEkoUGLqLscqbrHFOYkptfm3tY3ddOHIe~MGot~c3y6p5SZj30Rs62cPMXbjxXUxNl7WD2AWVg6UgRwIpQDHB-vNLSNMKpBU4bMoj80EsKEjJ0axn6tEU6k7WCekD2iQ0J77-m02~JrgWTkKGLpKTPm9IenXHY72OV48OALhcrd15QXsC~EatHZGjM3nbSzwx0AuxR-ueEhXYKz19IyyXebpAaHz2PXic20vzeW1oDo4qAG0BxqHhAebqvN7tK2wFuyl4xE5nMPPTVkmk6~SLFzFPxW8zkPTI1PTOKGSS6k5TRKwdpfvtP5-3Tev-2TGuGB~ADdcpxCFTBQAEAAcAAA==
# venomdz.i2p: hxb4lsoz7fxpqytoyupdu5ylnubdjgtuqiegeoqetdkhq5i4wnda.b32.i2p
venomdz.i2p=~Dpf9zQNWeObLkXy2hOqYRqxN~1vNQr5kJsnHGbi1U5JRSAob3o782kYG3fVdmy2ywjO9xOcBhrBQkedkl864x5VfjOv2lQRn~kh~i5adjqByj3YMYoFK41W~3m~HvqB3x0BSsxvo9zlkhnQ2QqzId8MvAGR2L6LEMXcafSnX~zouqjeh6gRIpqgcxQJS47P-zTa-LKEjrZnWHa8YHazO8~Kz0ia3Jbo~cYAJbmH3mNUgi6Y8xz4p3MWQnxxeeEwC3oC8W24f7lnNG1E6NUU1rRwWFS0FXtaJkcxhbfeFl3xFeSDVXa5lObGPTQZIQuArMYQO5PGG5BYYtDrpyq-hgDMR25Vr~F3q22rohWzXn0HqBlcqTZSj-9OAX-QR~ikEKiTbbHLOSuHMwEZBOHoA8gjheDeBIKpD9D-cT1bwEfDajNkx0Ed19vO-3Eb~gk9NceKFTAaFsEiD6-Zc5cMWdcSKa3BllfJ4pqtz06nFfi8JSXkVvHNtJu6FhOIoTz1BQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=z0VZ2gcGpZjbN5BLJFAGukarE3jBFNkX1NRSV7PtSlrduho-NmjLK2ztsMarP43G08no8Us8QoSZrbIaI53kDA==#date=1626663236
# vitebsklinuxonly.i2p: pxdruqx7updbmcexz2qcgubi3aprtbl7qcte2kjb4igi3srmmrqa.b32.i2p
vitebsklinuxonly.i2p=TgVQPDxroLQlkbJrnU9yCdzklPupGYpTOfWH1uUJS6So1rkEjEv--O4v8OWx1QPTppmV~DTz6rSXBTk5wCZTdJcIv9x2KCV8rC5Yxpdb8YpsmmO8G4qK1khz~tNUBZ-xN1u2RAKFojyR87x7GqHhupjFbXEZ2wMz8N2x5eG31r7-lCf-9FokrUtmPnkDkOF9k-yO6dagfooWYQZztBxBJ7tCvRRtjJ7ouCdrsgTyrCr8nuPHgxBfc4fCJlO38chLMuS4OIDqEN5u39aAjYZyaIzTWOcVeFfpI1r7Rn1yFIbVD1cG6f2zNlX7yhmTSBUNfxrZsaRpXV~OJpjIJllZOmNZePosDS~Fr1EPOtfadlxH62zl~xEQVZAMp9ysQw9q02J4zjWw5yswD7rc3prIhxTcvb5KUKwF5-z9hskiCQUEaQIEWexEzpXI75WrzgH5p5zfDPh1zuT6Jy59vIxicV7tMaz1jG~o2883~4RUdaz1EZnybt-vyyVpNjAdcSk9BQAEAAcAAA==
# vitebskonlylinux.i2p: um5pqhisscjc2yjzkdxopuqowcdd2mbxmqqjehx4iqcnbrjiptoq.b32.i2p
vitebskonlylinux.i2p=9eA8AUvcUnJDle79AbygNa0jODV1O7ywrn-OptKtjoc4eDX0rZMwJs2DRRTdegG6WbXEljTu5agE5dWRK2Gv2xHl1Ta~UNjID3GsU7YetXn753KgB0M-v-o5EHrbjC1w~tMczmha3d01Xz5HLkVMxjNpG68o5Z0M2KwwQouEnnvvd9OtGiQu85bBCI-k0tcvvM4hCMtpFLX-IPgg4MMQvvnVJOpryR4TIJwLSGdsL0BIQbuW~xqEEwaPvGNWOnWQmPCVN~3z5z5scxA3La4Tduxsh4QaKlnIxTYN2MsvJGsXN-OXl0e6wpPrbUd5gzydDSa0wXSY8QXwwDEBDBDVVd5R1-4BGRQBZ5UITOvJ~GncB-Q2TclYEiknWnjiWD5m8eVm8adpg22P0ye620vfBdxXC-IKwMjPGA9CqWYIXRrKg9AoSbHWaAqyWdMC47V1JTjMWgzqWFZuzQitB1f17NP30soksziGodRx4Z6PVDxTAnghfgKPcE3o1Zz9iWtMBQAEAAcAAA==
# volatile.i2p: q6rve733tvhgyys57jfw4fymqf3xsnza6dqailcdjcq7w4fa5m3a.b32.i2p
volatile.i2p=uealg-47g1LDtbuIchVwSLs9E3zdwBh4DVoxBvtuHn7swSoQ8RPEpH2A227IW-hP0vn3dDk4FQ4yK0fNdbBMiW6DV7KkjrdzS5L6cv7-C4f067uWoFT0B5ILBj8Ars1dT6UiinqZnktDU88AhdAhSrAkw0eZ2FXbWgUEYD6cqaqwiN~iL4~uCEX7dBIiYWSis2JDsAj9AGLj5WXJiqAGdwE-qlYVu7zwUJuB5wc9Oh5fnY2hYsYY60j4EaVRLcUjbt3wZdjhVMA-LX0lT2PNBhYaERYBX-kQncLaciHVVSaKJOOSsvwRADfNbKg93ZXqu2w1eoS8RaL4ACK6t6wITLNab4EW65tPsLnqTNE~iYdGFl2jFZNdp-qSyBTW0TpqfCBL3-q2-95fqbTPC72lJuWH8uPJJ9~pG1YJJfQGJrPOmAEkz9XcCxe3BzWRCc2YYisnq2BEI4EUPZT~XmXRu38eYcuZFYJ2Rmwj1hUFM516K3SVfKAfgXFBdjxiLE5VBQAEAAcAAA==
# vxempire.i2p: 6z3jnz6mfbdibtebxkhkm45hos6yue5x3yvwljjwy3jtbv6in46q.b32.i2p
vxempire.i2p=bGOUao6Ptu7tcwqWxi~3rRQWV~zYj5AfQD8YGq-i3I3y4gJb2raGS1SW~lohp3UdSIatfaa5Jxv0-T9vEsMcAHifTC7~SJStrv-aZY3uUQavJOT~iWMIAXX8UqtB~4eCYkxcZjsJ~LplbU0MNd9jIYXS7rIpPgIKRj8pz7TWssI3CuA45Jfp8HBFUI-N5z-OpECk8M3JGee6Q7L7Tzyheuu-mAUoXKO6DIXdeypWwxljdQCuhLbuAWl~3Zs9LIhD-US9Bk35UL~i~xKZzdwPEuBE0m4F3N481FlfJH-PZeaL31K4jtxKwBuP38RaFls6VNJX-q4t3HWhg-OHd4lWvURA0i3Zz4kxHvnuiMsPMD8aFD4sVY3yL0vVgCV30xFbL4zCNvWdpZ0RzVbPdsume0vy67UjM3u24nysJYtNNXbTY8F~gMnC0FAJx-tkQ4F~c2zoh60Q~tzjOwtp13mQxU~EhbgdcZZtZ3lcYWIM5gp4u8sh-FraoLyLb6Mm4wgMBQAEAAcAAA==
# w.i2p: j2xorlcb3qxubnthzqu7lt4fvxqn63it4ikwmze55yjkzeeampuq.b32.i2p
w.i2p=lE1efl8H12tTk5zdd-gscnkK0bk81eUvt1U5QPn2lKvn08aVY07g3L7x48XxJxf1AeU7G3vEFJ~u6smeU0bZvfOiO5WoJ2-Kh5Pk12CUL1hSuXFp8Ofh47o2ac1GV7TYJvxu58rmtQ2kb~UmfHeZVerXJFx-fCc-eZtkBIOwvnXmJiie4Fgk-yaioZb2WyafShILh0xtwJH8qgWgzR5Snz8dhSJFardAraOShci7uzxzJLfGapeC7jMX22smzqV0uu~HP0OZzTHgFJcpKsNUjEX-6ULJiMXvnmGZgybAQ8RsOLu-9TCwPpGZq2hcUY4-T4kAO3eAf2cBIDgzPT3nCl1HyZJc0wCahSywM5Q5NxSFPNl5l-OY-Nvj~SLeLLKf2GXZ2-1YJItdENLtEnwH22V3BwwjVbjfZ2TSc7lxpwXSi1cjIDxpp~kT16kJkQZ0-108QxNKgMAGh86kAwW3cy2v1ncxJutM0MHb0FwiMy3C3AxYDWgtv4WJs5cx7WPbBQAEAAEAAA==
# walker.i2p: 5vik2232yfwyltuwzq7ht2yocla46q76ioacin2bfofgy63hz6wa.b32.i2p
walker.i2p=7NVOaN6uA7LnpwFNub3rRhrMBmfogDsgKYHNFuT5CfZZS7cu3Mfw3sGDLPEpch5YmiyWT-SsBQ87u5A~P6QA0kQL4gCKaS777O3PrJq6MihlB7STQ89qoZ4UD89RDOIhUmbL32LX6VZdfKz20HmRM0ZOJNm8WUOWYdc4pVgoqidkeZ7~rXrBPY4xtITYg7IHhkL~YAcWyVNHrzRXkhOUA5vX1jBnsj8ntrkrdXzeY0qyxErvDSnQdOpMwt16KO2Eu1bvVy4-r0SePSkvEsnwQTYCaHThxXRaeabLODRx2bZyTrEPGQWIEiCN7UpphOfTow7h8dlOYxbhWbKdK5R20XCiH0fyC77ppd66jlv~gwS40dUG0uBzjbmZ1askwanCTgwiN7iWf9yvmTFll5bPFuSplJ8hbCurwE5GsQ9MDST198nViat1kp5u6v4eHAgchz7f2R-JU-FxZ4PpEkpoabzrj2ajYb2p-evnyJXtkmcAIusRBs4bm5eofvTu8UavBQAEAAEAAA==
# wallet.gostcoin.i2p: reuvum7lgetglafn72chypesvto773oy53zumagrpigkckybrwda.b32.i2p
wallet.gostcoin.i2p=OB5ce-8-aKBFhqWKxd52xNGY2~sw7yygy8d9-kZUgvOs4H1UpTGwlwsBHCt-8DNOJ~GBTCs9Su-ommJAILN9vDX5a4-q1oQPqeRi1MseHPPx2TXwXPtRTPyrq8~MMngVjeO7QqEy-mU4lTuo1u6l4Gx7Bu0wYWqa23pzo7GpXJHGzQhTniw75vW-MgcjEPaJk5fYuuNCDkibe2mvcUMZSZyC0rIhA2M3R-wJ2KHPVEOnGbjltX0lRDxSBAY2wtSDICagn3fEiAf-blCFZXLeSjI26OzasvviOObgBV7hrxCwhaDbbW6cOantKIiF2ULubBIa3A36d9saZT2dt5opU67omGkQIAfMZPCCUPV92jtqRpfhFSEqJv0Nyqr~79suq2qhRkhn2UgIjYiaIXm10gRsitP1j2P0GyV0tzpaM5NTE8MuKhcxxlUQEkCK1lw6H~DulDYcQrmMrVCPcGpYvkLp1e75PGMhl1NfOkvpJuv5-p4HeU~Wovo-p0p7eJMaBQAEAAEAAA==
# warez.i2p: warezzqqhsqr6z2isn437osml6liwx3f4oqcp44dhres3jpld2hq.b32.i2p
warez.i2p=yBYFOMrWmxf9NWdxbBJ2hoMi4Mat9LYCkhVs7Ce5SZs2c4LJJrtrZ8uB3DPaFG~W7W9YT8h1OIJ2C5FIu38-a1QPONvSqfXxPbdEObtMn3ZJw~AWFlyH3YOgY1ndOxOS~-iddT8bw7v2fHm1ajjIZ9sfIcDtNghNeeLgUGEO2GmW9od7Hpj6p4W7G8RFw3UsFHOtixJTYtqbvCmQghEjzWZ7p9hB0VXlgoWjgjsCvvHUP3koFKOAH69zvYnwcjflxYtCQnqlPw9pdd5MOCyDQrXSftsEGDJtKUaksBWdR2fO9Rlqyv6wRcDyDSsogqL0t-W1HspccWLGEWXPtM3PWK~gNACZt9Mb-1FImLCEWTzB-KC9xDkJZCo6FAnx1yInBXZpc1x1tE7uHGaVgv3WsCmSWzS36n3OXEKKWlHEFSiibZQK5h-I8ouoM7dWz6Qd4xiua3t8VrdykC6JLEX8LcNdX-quzHSYC9GMk9aqUaf~tCaIRIPswjXgRmYMjrcdBQAEAAcAAA==
# wbnet.i2p: 2deeocx7jmrbmjxcpkxecw7yy2z7ybzwz5i6mg3ska3p3d2dx45q.b32.i2p
wbnet.i2p=lgz1QrQSV1TTQre9S~u5HVe~txSgOl1GtOCQ3tq15bQ5zUA-5~DuHDJCeE3RKGJGqH~2rlQfcI3-oVhuBvoKsg~9aYYan1IK6~QeW3XzhtXZX8NtOyqdeti5mhF1BFzStVFL38PUsJfgVTUZn4FqvicAAMa-nXGSLE4hW~R2zc0y~ekIYoXGH1NBEjLEPqs2T6pK4kke-ZjUQIUjLML27pRwujFdgbci2zq3U1MfUT-1LQGmVdcX56~vB4~PrHL8TQQPAoU~BKRSbuEd3vApTUn7ov723nWjRNQJlCIW1TucH2G9VjtDinCn-d7XWFUQ~dQXE9luWI04C8jwGTxX7m83Um69vY4-0M7QaGh2lpZVDHDBvrPeEiBlJWF8QgAfKVZS1opd1raKEbrEbKe7UNlfN8iUKU6PW3oudWNkGFa4BuoFMvFhgK8iOXhfBp3YWpkL2HG-ICxmjMaMszLBFJKiJvZssdNBDde5yP9iRhVhh4GiKZOJamVDTZr5xI6cBQAEAAcAAA==
# web.telegram.i2p: re6cgwg2yrkgaixlqvt5ufajbb3w42fsldlq7k5brpvnd5gp6x5a.b32.i2p
web.telegram.i2p=ayxvRQFqZTbdeWlC8fd5PO~omDxZdTGONRqJMp~9iviCLsrMZSzQtl3ZbjCr2vIooOWDzeL9EGCs-t--izdXfUeGMgK75sKvXXz7Shg2GGZ8MXJZDJC3w78FamgASAntRJXTNTZNY8luWFVyD9PMcE-KjQ4TLFuLCxpFCb31mbvvTBVrH7R7k4FzyZIuvjEbZVOCN8p1c8rghJygDfKPFiohNv0xqZHH0ZzHq6Q3AIhuM2VLkNetd8olr3-ETeNjuTqWP9sfkV1~nwcCzArX29hbJ1I~Y~LWbRHZE4nOVXbVTyq8Sy8JikW-MlpvQeX0Ipirt0ExwkmQVv6NpZH9ocRMWbhfQbk3yv0hQxvrZT8F-Ic9xaKmBpROGqx6FdXivVQcJr2Sx~ecM2UZWwjL~onFzq9d~xGtuQlXkNxZf5IcqIwYBfPxMBjWEaW61XitHmgQ-h2~hyrE82hkztWvpk3qQIo10xqid7w2CZjgAm~jD-ynyMacgKrVxv3Nub1vBQAEAAcAAA==
# webcam.i2p: fhrkpj4iscrg6etgdlteseoed37q2ph7cizclgpabgcbnaq6g24a.b32.i2p
webcam.i2p=dEdM5aGazqsup5lh1hAhF0nPO2eu7GXcs0p6Ipt-ntQgHYAu2wahyy-PSzI0q3SDDW~vRcdzU2tc20~ldBlHVJNFIfkr6ETurveJKoW5DbLzPAzjZt7qQHvZe23VYBwnxSuaun05~Nb4lQEF9SERzRv3ofbPnnBQ6e0Y3Oqh3CJnuR5nyWL4JKgC4v8k9T~dv907hO7gSH94OFB8SDmJXaQIt6T2M8DXDL7S5N6j42gbygpVPHKc7J64WAH1SYcv4H1rltk-T8cGblZ~8R9qOlHXY3-fwEcsU2sbRdjD4UM263eRJdmBzPhETxQs~Z-v1z6T3LlpS7UH~Pporv9oendiss2lwoOlyfnYdwij30B6d3b7pVo1uFIc-WShQsk6CXKfd8JKXb6dr~h5odfwRZ8ARqnp45jZPglSrcoCUQw4csrcARo9SYl5FRSLyw-HBtfmhDaKcwZU4FVqAv~P9YtAOGiQVlwlP4NVXNYFcJED5avSvxOsxa8xUe4u4wMdAAAA
# webhosting.i2p: hxqjbkpn5fxnmurlab6oluyqf3dd2xnxszeawn4ak2s4rpjnfheq.b32.i2p
webhosting.i2p=-SEqVR40tBx5Cf3BVJzQL9JFL21DfOwCx7rLlljBNgACvptT5mEEbVzdKvPcaC1J8zc68r66yHZihkpPi4FiYWOuAKvR~kxcI00r57uNUBAYiG8DTcXZ1WO2oVbREyRB8zY5-fqZx~rFNfqqu5Aty8AVS6bCsbmYAuAmZ4tFv76rMJJGvbpDMXvJ5Xk5WR8XJGBlM6ZYFJoDKBYmw5UKeRZmH7b4T4B616Hn~n2rgY7yg3-y967WYQSzxocz2mcg9RwBNFD5lYUYA2S7r8scQazFfZrBWsyLOrpI-aIilLQUMNrSvYYRGR4PxWzUWJiIseh89y0IwJ~233AopdFUhzncyA7zZIYEXn0nT6OHpeIdvQuwU0G2f6gWZMAqPntg9qAhkV4RyMes1aDPK~ZHNfSlLu8brO3I4uCvOJOysWbb4-rVQJQcJwERRjAe6UYzedBvIOlTPkFFqgpxUp0iSJDXjID6fs1kQ9En05Iq4tbsn7uD7SiprLIf2TL8ILQ-BQAEAAcAAA==
# webirc.coldhell.i2p: k2d6bius63w3g35j32dn66fssqwbnyvegx6w6pl5mdeojpp4rjba.b32.i2p
webirc.coldhell.i2p=IFsKCn5QndXINbgbsvP2oD3IJgLnOmygIhfD7pHDMhN1YXPDL-pSQ7RzZN7RV-541ZE2wcNlHfvrw7dcFRJsZlLs5O7ETFIf4IbavP6BQ~DkCMrH7LchGkjlfJO4qg41UcaHK6x0CsoJE72pvdtp6~mQnMj1HWWwMkhfP-LgbLKaaYsBsPehBJEjx9OTPlLveSfKS1YEkx2mTYGDvJg8nqenB-j1WTMtHm70BWnzGMaIR-qCxSBPxxINFOP72irKlLq3E8ETScACcJjL-HNNaNU84PZcK5-Di~2yzGVv7yQvxyYHreaefK74pKX3CpLJ4XLX1diK8zRZ6~NlcqfiysInFNrQ9l~qic6q8dM1hfZFpLRWIV6pOUaVpY-T2arApvVFkzcV-BfEmmLelnc5orTiw~WCxtegAVC7FMLIbxSyUx2MphzhBtef9d1ZtJCU0BwRJG2QVtfYzT9U1sowMeO4lG3kHA1FKqOW~Ga2Ipa~-xo0~JhoUPJ8m1HvYNn5BQAEAAcAAA==
# webirc.idk.i2p: z4b5h7kxixjlmuac57s57qbrdqqomyq7awem34m3fibtmlxr4hhq.b32.i2p
webirc.idk.i2p=0A9IFcrMpSI0ej~8cWs8RPC47f04pD~G1ZWv3mVb~xw91ti8WqLdP5I2Xny9Dj1IXPJDNXxjGdqP3QA7ZbDroFEj1gnA~N5T15hqt2FGzMo6mQe8xI2KBhPnzTKX3DpkWv75aiO0ZIJ-EqgVBjFhbdBsrw29bAZgF6o1-jQnH3LghbwIAfXlTeJ7Nj9Z0YkW22kINX3dbNTAFRMA73-Lm37enmY1QwUOW5qoLMA18YVDZBDrqdiB0n4D61Pcsqo2M1NFPXKVzpN~vzt4ry~afHax1wIIm~eVKQfDfBzKWeUOmaJ4M5mOhBG~9Nzue22i3paRWCzH6vMJUaFiaGRpELpBVsr05ulHwKPurkmpdk0a~RrpgDs3JGS60NC9zIK6EPnez5eROtg4ZVTs5U6SImIPKWf8WYUF55ZDadnD0K47AzfUSYP47TTTksBXgRS0UpY0Vk~LnIqXQ4y3HFVB087WlwbrbXsiN0hjtaVCzPac9dWWKgFtxgfNdmJa6WGrBQAEAAcAAA==
# weedforums.i2p: weedlt72zyludsl6adm5asdcalufihyzoruh6ca2klstbicj5iua.b32.i2p
weedforums.i2p=3zjLi0NxlJzsVIAYSR49uYdqXvBF7CwYusD8nC4ZEthTk0oB4yc~f4R18JreMO9kFUa08wpDwMgaz8aC1NyQvXBkhG2y17ND9sUAFk4AnBm9oDjasVeFL~WS6q01p19P5xoYeCgh9XF13zAIiTm~43al9qAVUtafZIJTItnvK7XERVTDQ-L6iXI8UQjZ000C7tCWxiSOc-KFsD2wFmvRmHDSj7~ioVFmTNyZZSetce-hZHAtxNlzzOq6hTdc2KKsa6r6IPt~g55EnSc7p1FFBrDSnSqcwudDRbn9RFlNRSyn4mdFGvg-pqDSHtd6f3y2A6RVj2ocgF6-Oqm0HHu4kysVvfbl-rctP42b6OlX1pfIVVdU~Q4PWoOGXr7XqHQfS7E-5LAK06JRRMHx89~fcaK0-10FTfT80lpMO1-ZnTTyCKteQdM9hmvvV4cxpIrAFiyVfy4GfKgOUxLFNnOzQSsnpIMODUnC-HSDZZbTeq9zcyZXVRp-PWb7XEW6MbKpBQAEAAcAAA==
# wellwellwell.i2p: zpltz67y44klp5v563upa5dte6rfvgzf45hvxxa2zwhdgh2irz6a.b32.i2p
wellwellwell.i2p=7G~3SnvceHLC~vTbi4nHZTRH3vIko4~phXqsst6e7CHJedEQYAVqyW5As5zLYBdQd5eRfBWhNvtk5YsEkMV0UMGyb2b6C4rkNOK6Wm4Y98iEujv-WPAbH3cdLtYTz8rLsix23KYD2MqGiRlQLAglSGXFm6l9mxeiPOe-JL39P36zmlv9BfAhDirQ43jgJTbV7epdR8YGjJUHBPzxHWAVfsgRNZ392SgJG4rnPniinUpzU6Rc2yXFK2s5e8YWGjGj7~QpsPpo22qABs5mhC0mK3zDoHIV4UTapvgBJVOkle7rDj6IY6~wdcVIFkWpfW07xR4C4CeOzSwvK42jD9VKzFdP1bxAfpabD2Lcz7YE1Xxk66hOvauaqiZPOFmXoRwP6vAt4Qzx5Ap0JZrpJMMuWpAs9cr0o8BsL2midc0b0ejDE83HFwl~DEGJY3hScnKN2J-bEaH6rtH02QFaeuxzrv32Y8Kraas3zwUd0McfcGIkRfLqMMoy7xY~UN-Aa1amBQAEAAcAAA==
# whois.i2p: whoiswuguobs2rtsmpbao7bvfuxagmlckylh5ig6lxymiixtbfkq.b32.i2p
whois.i2p=5~NBO4UJc15KLIDTdf2~TxPxGm-z1rtYsU9Al2AKiJJszbN9zRBxrnbtyjUxog7xEfMD5S5hRK5Ivn5jP8uKt5IrIdDeTAJMaTX9t1h4gTf1Tr8s-LscxqE2cL1~qx6OTNWR-8L8tETjA03UAtnxeV3xi9BpkZPnkC0IRY4d3xjQNFraDTnYwnjebCxfyI91UDn8rGDt2c7fLmjCRErxjSX-vlFYzv0gVIeX8gljOPOT2qkTYgLJ1vXNLajP35JqFDlHi87p3FXPHcXG05tXSuCJQFbwkj4YIM1DqlbWFCfXOBvJyzNxnhpXDkWUAsfXmDFdkyslKMfka7J9OiITqBijjZddFSn2SP5C-9zy883fmoj9bmhc1Hzg1owo~8TMNPuv5g8Fyw9Y-KHmwvkqwhpTgvjgGcvRA9S8kS4TnCfraLvlfLBFLlod1YTN7LpesMzD9sKSxv3ISGPE8VTMe-0el~VacSb90jMJxb2LxRXpwCrITTT~UaaZ57gJD8igBQAEAAcAAA==
# wiki.i2p-projekt.i2p: b2rpg7xtzwwfvtorfkrc3m7h222qbobnklra7g4oqhfjx64k2voa.b32.i2p
wiki.i2p-projekt.i2p=Y2t37BDz4~Th--CvXrSTw03ty7hKdLqi4TV3~GDzcaJwKZ7dHY21w4dVP0H02ZyXikuPwZQYNV~a8zo2ivaWDMUe~WrSAa-t1WL-5W6Rqtleuin84wli-tC1B1k4M1woAi0lKkKRPZijihY3iyywZZLpxcQIlL89~bKvUrjwLcyl9toGb519LhTKrbw0p-E6GLznwWT1~juASxJXYrwx3cSi5PC53MWVhy856WG8xUIXMqg495V9r83frmhq8FJDLaJ0v1WqMxQUQVcx2B8LF2saIg~dUN0Ig3Ke5B7vm7IsgIteZpuOnZyw8DLi0Tfg7ECztwenyvCjx-cciNY8xudy0-biaPMEAjs6YCIz6pyWmxUTR81o2aFIe-hMWSH3gBMLFh10LVLeON~lUNVBv9gLqXJwwgIW7NE0Ap640Re7c5W5kMh-tm4JqyB8V9DTUDfPE2JlTq~f44Ob9ncDbE6lShj1U0~xl3ttoaDWfTo6uC0Bh7x8oMh4aYRNgNdeBQAEAAcAAA==
# wiki.ilita.i2p: r233yskmowqe4od4he4b37wydr5fqzvj3z77v5fdei2etp2kg34a.b32.i2p
wiki.ilita.i2p=2mlI48gTGPVAssJqHBs939WIs5W4U~43erFNfKI-aJbNCV3aAdjNkQ3GWKwhLrjAByPAx1jJRJW-fI3Fa0DhaHAiUYrkZ7QUvYrqZF8WEL3DugTsINojtKRk7snYk-mbuojDJLWJqhKk5yS78JkvNNTh~Yl6WDn2A6ZERlrhiWVD9I2khth4l7eM5HtcCxuAMK6gOIbexZtKFOuEruXoQLb~gs9Qk6ezkcr84RzULsLEA-Fl56Begx9hAo1PxbQPNa3jbxiqR2tAJ2lrdncyGS6T7qUT827yETYN3aLBzBJAyF9C8xOQzCsPehAoqC~86rMd4A1weddeIDDyuLWOHkbTyIsgNuLuNdx6KXS~rLAMyUpraO~yrv0GpdPJM~2vEd4PQnGBTItLrynnpcizL3jvwFrmlz4gV6sbbelYhzQnOoA9TWm0~Ajdpkb2tjjoppinvD0l3Xq~PtwxAoJt-hhuz1z~Wnqc99a2uXZAL3vHmwpltY-x0iT3A3EQeFJCBQAEAAEAAA==
# wopen.i2p: xvedtnzz3kpwpir23zyr3exrhkrn3267harw7gcjvp25yceyokza.b32.i2p
wopen.i2p=A9eYKnP11WYkapQQbSRZz2Nt3kNQZuYHxNghoML9YmHXCOxJm9GIj3rcXg9KJPvn3~mY2aqdTMDuaA57VjKOqNLeTKwcv7mjRtxBbQ8hxkkNhJscyL7i~FPETp8e1twzL5Ix2eI435kNLowkeRswd8QaySMlAm0KCIIMVljYgtv58rKKjwrDsaBw3fsIgSk-5r4vo6OisCeluThlqpJXqhCW3424Xk86GnYISAjPQtg1HSIJWX4vasDQbVtXraUnV425senz~ZQME98aOHrsML3OF2GR3izzr8n4JGDVFwAqBtpgUMFPda7wgjlNScTyG-N62OrK5146NM2qoFBVavf1Y0NT7bE1S5R-iJYZ17uMIpUnw22bwPdEF3Uzt8yzb0IbpAhBWBjbJk30L52Bt7y9env9tF2lzRv~4OJBacYKt4p5RTQXy5DUL13nJogZAo9u5ZGpz~hAopslD3Z~X2wWqhyDwEFV4j~AOhQEcvf12cAe3a2sMMfCv3UuR7yXBQAEAAcAAA==
# worcester.i2p: 5jtgpuzaabxyhahvbmokb3oeh2lwzpiiqlrg3w7kyyg63lzkwabq.b32.i2p
worcester.i2p=ZNQaYZCoxf3KKeZ~H7HLb5HqfQ~LUyXxeHqOQXl7e0o1q8PR-f3Qo84yz4nR5eiIJmFB4nB6mDUfUhr2P8vAHulk0f7CFM~dtHZ~sVYrYTDhkNBB4UDRWNDcm4aoVljALt84Te4Y48dhWNG9FS959gO1LwBZbBh4mR5HVbiTtmuWyMt~8YhSNQEVxJOQYrlz72NW1vllTf8pEc5mS8FlvGpoOGDQoG~ElBUco6eM1EBdkZ1aO17cUIOtYJtrRlh54eUMeNFf6ss4Eh5XM~xDAf45vN3rvqMB1bXeryj0AIbcSMPb6HLi0Nk25PdJebYFEl~ZfWxTrch5tfjnvvB0At8IekJvQNTJAzrlmiy3~kbXDCASApakHL8UXhyVutbMg2hyCgpe~ayDsoHzoMU3YEPF~fdvYohG3UvdwrNr-xVh7-NV4b7wsKd1qHOzPp7q5mODvGyyQOZfcRjVQLdWZGSDDtdZb8TDA3Lvv0fH6PFxYcifQvCNqI~ZgymtPO9LBQAEAAcAAA==
# www.imule.i2p: 657xcllunctawyjtar5kgh3wpt6z4l7ba6mmam5rf7hev5w2lsvq.b32.i2p
www.imule.i2p=fDaVcuhylYrEq7aBNACuM~j3ymwZqS7ws-TsqNinsp2aO69mUVLY4On01r4cr4wBpWpe4e24aK~DBOIwsPb1M3WkSZVoJX8zk8aGunG2X6mnhPTdT~HoCOhGi-Q8n27AoHrESa0MGTLRfw-UM9tePlgBOkqkbU98ROWj40hm3esD1V02RnwvMrDHMIk69GVn8iKUTSEBDmHLFyaVpcQtFy7z09-Z45uqupd244vhKFZIjTTlPZFmI5KzAibBT-uoacdcbyomuPEjMI2aeK58uhPCdFW8-TinkTDdDq4oPrwqgvG1dAyfOqY9-~AS0Mc3-jrwXcdKh-iug2~mHc0hzmpvx~if6F5CeYJxYuivXMPRX0gSuLXK0er4tYkC0~wFLqBbyNr0MJKSnDKof885Fu9-tKhoAHf06PuPW7u104GjUbBKxS5D9JxdpX9DNhXBFa9l5mU9j7~gbUNzV3N4IAHkrD-GnYOZxWmSUqmbie6Lo5B8R7zqpKikGDlmmJtHAAAA
# x.i2p: u4rmguocv6dnlcsr5tve3rol2i32tvdfgkwx5e6xxsqwuipiwtja.b32.i2p
x.i2p=ohUyiGNHxXT34mNUoZYq6AeZOFaDrlGoFGPdnVdD-iXK5rSjZjnFMeDxPyg9AjxUaOe~m2Bkcp9pLPfwNMF0mGQwVbVnClUEiLGXAo8b4tTAiwuZcbbX0e3z~hQBm1NwKVBJrQqalADpidJDtH7mpFVwOi~vq~tZ3iM46YZbGODb1OQ3T6wBswFBMzfnJmB9Mxf~QP86It7NHvAXFKfRvzTJ5VPaKil3p6w-l5sWc60c6HMZ9KSnPSzzKsZMs8IQ72igi4tYwkPUk2J-XqYMwQRt3QqjFaM7SbYs7KNtcK-YRRN1jJ~YL2aeUPjIxxqqcYC9h5fnzrpi8rUDlVxhVeb0w-n2Vd4KliLcNc9WqIpTrOWkO4Spg~TEe99hpEW28hbcjcVH2UEkXK8cl7ZxFT2GvHq8n5OOSln-Ld5vqFMMtXTRyDKSAfsxQXPt9rRAD~MoT6-1lLjvXyu~wTvEkO24cRdueeq2Ev4a4WUJlyFCmLjDuVkZkYc5KagetOKxBQAEAAcAAA==
# xadmpp.i2p: jb67tnpn67i3pwcuf45rtwu7gq6nkrs72iznhnakpkdzb6dkgfmq.b32.i2p
xadmpp.i2p=ZmGvCgsmIP1V-AeArW93GblPZlEwKZ730iz84z9rH6Zft3dPRlqG58WvbwY8CWOWQDBBC0IR40WfRgA01RP0fIb4m9ouDwzOanvWu7fS96bsWvd-JykL9H1~68wsxwS~Lagtx2ebx9UM0a9DZDFDxR1YgtXZjTwu2c438yKV2DKsDXP9XQz0BWKeqN4dbX1wjg7RIu9czjCY07qKQg2HO-taj5WTed5jrH8ZAUbfSsoyoKRUBBat8UDtR1Em4wUjkBrYplzNH2PRCocb~Fk4X2pnH0faCVL6VfVmRMZQeWY77kvvkR4YO5VSuLZVtiOV5hCRAvBULOJxqoaWREpRv7K5mXhEa3LGR4NT6B-dSxz6vvzHtJmdK322YnLCE1ED7dw5SHZa7nLzI-BOqnMdsW2ZKGvmYTlV37qRK8GO22BX74tJFA65t1Fxkse2TrU2q2yRuci2Ji5AuawQJ0NHpWuC~bLQrop0MmN7LtPRUCNEkDm-90aCnCoxqSrr838bBQAEAAcAAA==
# xd.i2p: jynrjzdp5qajf2jsdif6bgpijuk72zmuiohq3o7omeksw4pdgejq.b32.i2p
xd.i2p=OEdCU1nYQ2kOyeTjB4lkv2Za0CeOrSckuCIqg1~7b19I4iZLkwQP2Z-p7suRv7s9Ujx1kCP0vq8v2kpReaSMYkfGItjpWnHWFlo7Sg2LXufrkG3j8cv9V7maQn~lu6ZfebEcC0FQbjQWB1Tol4MhfYOEdN1mHbWfhtSYvcwrkeHX1tcECxZFHIsq4cERN-lD3keDIdS1UDj98VpuivZFhTUY13R0o9VRJHEMUw2LJMAl7K8gvDA-qZGmeL~jc4~~xKDr79JZ8mgPT2Ivzm2KCnvvS1BPLfNKxgJJo-Qnloq7KQehjAaryLxi78Ll4rViz5w-VdFiRTZKzMr3wsXDo94a3oP9daIsOpUWWTeo23RKOhmpGauMjKj9h-FbRgs249~nvFD3CwqSGbeR6GyLeceK6Z5z9ASCSR7YTOS0BgMzjmMsxe31Zu3DsCRvRRvYpezyy7Pl2DHGUdTefAPoBHE~zzi~u~jb2lDEHRNmiLadfusnVxI~oeXM71z~9KBKBQAEAAcAAA==
# xeha.i2p: oartgetziabrdemxctowp7bbeggc7ktmj7tr4qgk5y5jcz4prbtq.b32.i2p
xeha.i2p=2zZFMIEBjusKmHLB71hoy9TITWfIF99H8~Nak~GvHCD0b5cLSd00kS1EOxHq456assLPXOH7tICkOX4hklLfN4bPVohrTBvvI0il41TpFwL5b4Gkj2wMzS1gBHEKzUT9QwpfXZ4WKX757I9hFRLwrm2G98dC1NQVv6-Os5nbCPmVIT-YHkq7utj6E4Pcl1jIlBZKEoGkmWbPE-~YNwCgOakNKbUqd5DHq4cC-xB1x4Qu9nmF6X-gZXvNHhctjOehpkSIQCvle~tLiZwivRG-IQVg4AUxfM8uG8KxHoM5BCFjcML95-kYNPQOG~tNelLwFs4J1rWvAxdmmEsnghm7fmrui5bA91H0V2p9-rHm~KNJmLoRlNuP0bCCp0C5Uo8ZNRFdcZer1Xe6Xa1oE3LMBUBGUEJ5TdPz0lvBefYmdAoPMQJM~SFcLOjEI1hxJUzhjCYq5XGAYeSuGkIgujkT9vHvgtyiUB52MpHdMNrPYjFnPVkQtgCVoDoPVuQO~h6yAAAA
# xinku.i2p: xlsmgjin444ccqu7ff5taoov7hecasdyg53keatpbr2qrvgmzvuq.b32.i2p
xinku.i2p=T7zr1Wsr~MGlX14luyuQ0EjFzbnz~MGKicOOVA6wOxTXTL-tg74hOPy1kiM25XsSEjPfT9zfboUzjM6YydmuRvojt4FyrfoZzrKSdNBAD6uyFn0-NT1lzYq8m1ALmbHuuqNavrKtk-1EcdcBndAn~RbvzmmvVncHMajWO8jQPQomrIGhX8fbOpEAh4LH9VnpENt~81P8gXVxQl8A2ZHWiQ0D871QgZN1qLDEjavBMRePmM-oxyetjs5ZY71SxA7SgEXUdP-bMyXpWORXGZ7LlSn6N2sotMxnEZVpVImJfKkfsGJfPrbLsQktZ~pvYPfMGWChclY59E2RzuL3w9J5yAET8CnSFoH6gh7EPbmFB3Mt0NjNB81qryLjT7vDfli6G~CQ6T7RoaGmuH~UMsngB8oL3aWVzzGgM7fL4WzJVNMyluy9Tc9ysnpXWpEtC4YCD1jpkWErb-ovEMZrZGxLJlB1dw9PxtQZSuVF8TJlb3nZV~RixDDKeJC88AN~NpSPBQAEAAcAAA==
# xmpp.chudo.i2p: gppd6rx5jkutmt637odkbxh4tjqxy63i4amyhllqn424yt7pd2hq.b32.i2p
xmpp.chudo.i2p=eJvOLc74ArRtjDTsycGna~pfOR4TJzqFsTnI-ir7TUXyIiWlq9kB90FkYHUWc0d78x3nyphdIRODNvVzKsSpfZMz~cG4v88Sw7-Na0XYNOwTE-Kabw5KUsz0-vWoGhrbxam3E11rqWHAUNgyh4a03c2QIx~j8tY6rw32xmsNmVqF5jNNYFSrVYCjCi97q365lMluFVtpQnPGJ2cM4HF7syUfdvRjigTGRPAAkIQta4FchLAQ~unJb1i81OAPooYTpvL24Y~XSBAV30XSev-dYgKZCaWoQ8qAJxyYVblAvrA7eBk~gZ2O4W6txHrxFMpALtzJO2AP3bgkl0zZVK4gE-gaJTTxyrDxDqO~88Bn39OsbXAeGTVr~~hHc1d4G2Eu19W4YUTn91Cit-HJYwNVxwNoM1T2QfxFmyQlFIimM3h2bI0LYtPBWx~oYgmUrrC411arvenQciZqpoqMjDGdTiSBIsbvGgO4iRfKbaMpYZQZ5UFM-VLclEXl814W3imzBQAEAAcAAA==
# xmpp.ilita.i2p: 2dpg43zlfophx5jo4xeqc6cx3zm4x3tfdoinbfuzychf5lwn3dhq.b32.i2p
xmpp.ilita.i2p=9m9xrJlWqD8Zqktx2EHspyq50Pn9iiP~Sy0Pp5CQir5olzxX88UCobcY69S7HIYIXQ5z98Mq2vRqo8OdCmVDmwGpe5UIfSF0pKO~jG-E4kdtpLWS65XHkATCdlWhsGIwMPxox0PtHBAeZLOoIz~YcDaBzpHJ2qvWs3zBTD93Ex2Mp9WnIuLIhBqSwd1wBl~to0iSU2rQIbuUzRwojuQ~3b~pPanJRwccmoGTuOKaoHQLBel-pNACGeP7uajglgqtPWpzhLO7pxtZlsJ8KCwQcIawiFZE0HLOg5a5~z-WarrHaDA5ieIbtJBk-l8lFiqRMIxoXjYKWUdpHonjIrrDhD53~KK9oDdjHxThXrhCTG3U-JdER1sXNgB1K2c9rhMHozE7lXeQZgqR2rseSlGh5f~T4-POZaalZfd3aVTnqtOtfhb87zJVf-fCI-3EZFT2uoasWlinU3MhhA2nbJHv3vrQPt9Lg6DF3AdlN0d9-qr3N7qDX6gbFOGry-Hgw09ZBQAEAAcAAA==
# xmpp.outdvgrxve.i2p: jl7dpdaelwzy2x245qet7emk3shvsqk5hisdgf2exantr7qlsfla.b32.i2p
xmpp.outdvgrxve.i2p=Vc4wZxrLgwBXx4gYZfabXuYLN-Q5x8LwaIMqRWZeztaOYNB7OPRCq7WIMefDcvAcPHgop7YUEJj4AKZScr8VIJZIhC9g8jR5ZpwKLV5T0KXrSHZDrux7nH3pARlq-nshVfwdWrMgbZHEXM0okIXBjUuvUbYJlhTRvmH6qDr~fhghgfoWUDL5dX2TDeYjHs5gK-RSiE8ZifMWmcw5wXhagwBCAmAblRzViJRBb7dDa69e5IHuUaZNvx0nxeppOvJCyfTIcJJVgKoIeWZCFLZWuZlSq5FYbeyWuztHziWbcSdFX26zdlaFz89fJgA7bOcGSCWkdREzDH63qX7R4HBYgBuSVhHKYy6PZ8i834BynkhvVCvOIDDUTSpu1Xsjk3JLEor30to4en7UYwRZN~QqXHrIXIdCtl0S4h3Rjd6TnKd4LVQAwSyd6KxDpMFCH3ITNveDksKOFccIUXhE4CVc8NJAFIdZ1fFOiQtYkYK07dK31Z-iPsz7jNoDoCHi~1dnBQAEAAcAAA==
# xmpp.rpi.i2p: 3yv65pfwiwfuv4ciwtx34clqps6o2mc3vtyltcbqdkcki6untbca.b32.i2p
xmpp.rpi.i2p=z75Ox3nmIU1vj-f-TdVAM5hAtf~hUPWyI-g3wihfpHHZpV8l8zqGjOVlCrZuMNbvysNlo3jGm0KvCzkq8Yl~EIPACcW7mGZXzI7kQTS4Dq7gMr2A02QhJovExDWSDWOMyWcTycau77MPHm~7ySUHmo3HhM8FLLP-YFOniLSeAUGmZw7BHGwBvJ91mMa5i4-5lqkJd6w254YZGt0YURbjsdujP6EGuKcx6pviluMH4oVDxxdZ8YZMb9F2LVdlVbwdOkHXNWeAl00CUawhwNwoPjzcwS~xnV6mgFBsX7tlA5AWZqIVXlrYjpMe6KKfLIz57Z8o~9WAvSKVq5paTx3y14C63sgY~NTVXMCc9rBvwyZP~9978MvTRdVVbSPFC4EtovC~1pgRREHiszHzXv2so~meVdUj3YqIUXxWkTYUqEbzDKzTv-6xXKl1JclMv8FDcG41H1WXgTxWRXqN9IdM5wD8RYEsTLW4taJf8~3Fx8x3BAk5CF38oUlMenioHe3TBQAEAAEAAA==
# xmpp.xadmpp.i2p: s5ekktro7kk24gu67dgwi5xnhzhzjx6abujk44q4v56mmdnrv4lq.b32.i2p
xmpp.xadmpp.i2p=LNIsTxjCFWAATs2B0d-okjMLEzlbDNRZQvMFI9CnZ79PNWq~ZT8y2BDK1xIDY2oTZt~FeIMKZ7tD5UXNXw09gb2bWLozPBZptKXWdzcSJU92a98OZ7jwwwKou~S41Db2gjdvKZdkeHDiC~hZH87ISWGrNN3-J37OiHoaKkZzm1u2-rBhiFzkaByHTBIA0TcHWTv3rYpcyB5ms-MIiB~6lh154pYKGazN45P6hTl7V422MTJlFUfyLLpOldY6au9WlomEOvSNVLzmF0TX6A8shtuUt~pPi5VcgZTml2SG~TvzW7Le0YnG-4U4rxfBYe1~Sjy6CtULYjrXRZuM2j~0hMm~mqR3yuqjfUldpYgtmTIZd4qmkm2iwWg44fdCDIzZmggLpYz7RL47KIafkndsX46E3AUmfrwtb~jkyIgkvqXcq7Zn8EfSzitPChj8RZZEwcKDkwIbu~SgyYTWrx5eW5bCXGPXMxhvsfzSDfWp7mjcPK~ChzRa20Kny0iKQl4VBQAEAAcAAA==
# xmrnode.i2p: moneroti7lckp4hjrqckoq5cfi2apuyxia42sp5x7tkbzjfwqfiq.b32.i2p
xmrnode.i2p=kpLSM054gkmKbl7dAUxGH6vVXXS2mWqb3GVglDIPOlDemNoO7sEbZvDSlmE97MLcLIHVRpJn22gkgb0MYQfYEhDUYB6~JiZ981O6jhdYgtnSAzW4WwyYop8jPaGNsJc9iJthkxX5VJmdbgO1jcjzd5ta5GUQRHIpYCNfd3eadZhzrubS4Hk9Eq8mkviznffP9XPy9wAp9SK5HRO10xhW8uFWGCIcIhcqSptgxsh13aaaQS~n6Y~E0P81MX5LWA-a3GA7MLJ8455kori~EEAlTJuYGWuNk30xywzmvrHL72ldmtwfel-xhjNwHFWYoWPXezOCfsLd49tDjvCVXV3bftCV48Ym9ZUrboFdyOpH4YrCT9LzfECWVEf2B9hoQyEVX94LUf~cSq74XVPrZJnoKnVVQXlyxL6CW3V0gUl3rkcE25buRu9MrDMo3BwthgUStrlvMX1yA5GPh6~vdpIG2UpnVWHQBeu1Wis6hf0LKZYTNR1w-H3535xbLtVXNgyQBQAEAAcAAA==
# xn--80ahmijpip2p.i2p: assist2a3jsikp7ufmzpa56mlflhi5kmoack5dm6ua5x2hbgckua.b32.i2p
xn--80ahmijpip2p.i2p=dWTFXIFnBbcrKNmBE4Tv8gUUIQRWFZd9ueG5dA1zfDNBJ7V5TjqyhEeXqOUgXFppSjyz5O2uwL-VB~ZGN2K0s4wxH2WBpXcB3AVHOQtscBBg43IX4bb7XCGpBik0Z-HGJdTZipkINWdD4stPy~Ln7ivx-sG1sLBFx~CqgU-lNIK4bcKcc6GkynHkGUjnO8xiR8Suu4VJAS-Pdz-mjWih39P2RTdEBqjuPWS48xS2ROLFu1nDUD8g~E43nTUXBWRldPnClom0SkSQHDtMFyLSvx86A2Pp3G7~4wmmnb-i83vUdzoIWWb10Coi7eIc-gFyZwdk-ezPHWPt2MKwlqHZKbhLPY1lOHUMH1ub5pdw~rB~s2ZpBfkEgtlLYVqS1pLkSTGA8HkyGDDsNReIcVqEET~vtwGt8qf0Eu4PyK6SQv5H8L2L1V814C3qkC4RJIfcVqefjllIaNYSZHbag-BWgR5wMDvv7sgE7e9avVTavZOSMVP~vaXFr9uCzc5R2J~CBQAEAAcAAA==
# xn--hallchen-q4a.i2p: h5c4idxoweambtqajx3ecpu4iw425mfzckb4rrcvftrr7d2utfgq.b32.i2p
xn--hallchen-q4a.i2p=gdjaH7UuU9PJVAtHbe1JQEP65Y6pjS72btbVC5hLZmgrU2nFz96O~5NJDVDVTVmENHdjX-Z7TZid6GwX6WweR08yI79vETHwIoWT5tIH~uz3jMivdhpV4ztTPbeDoYTTnvQo02Liur2Et9hjfrR218K5ALVLdJqpaMUu~zxgKkqMtkXTTcjcrudBrzH1XUfieCWwdBhJRttVTuQkDvQK49deP81DM0UqDUHMWKR2KLB~W4QDl0goDBr1bdd2DLbLi5euNrjjJXCDzLJ9Vc-mE2wtKYZ~cC0KAsf~vuvRs-HIAqTcP5tcSZFN8lXBRcwWlgt1u2najKDff8mH1VmzT9Y-JneHgbYuX8AIYtPGE1Y08S1R0srSyRJZCB9n13wlB1DZPjcB7qnv3cI7rNKC4gq~RawXEEo58enLtbSf6wA-URlQ9vZjPxP1VOcbaLCsLLSrV~9pM7tA7a78-bjmqa-R9s1EFKRVMlSDGKIFKkxprRy0oDuh5fOp04q8JIvoBQAEAAcAAA==
# xn--i2p-5cdawgbask1ay4cjf2a9o.i2p: gar7ipdnhfy2mtbefo5dvoapzuupyphfriutu5nsnjruganiuknq.b32.i2p
xn--i2p-5cdawgbask1ay4cjf2a9o.i2p=1S64Dakz8BRtl4aI2zfAWT0j2rqCEfXoP9OZftYJIPhMxH93y3lJ4qd0gT4m3oDhI2ASvdVhohzjQBgtFL-7GT0rVywxXdCyR18-R6fLFZRfjqlq2DaqPrBqAf9jL52PE03pxPCeK-fjFmfh1Ct~lgAhOwujK5UoKJFaINnIWNg4WdIAP6nGFWRreE6xG9X9znKJBDbOGyGs~9l0irwL1RtYmMN~g1GnFoQphk8HlrivK4K6YDhJvW4hpDgGSnN9JV7uO7fRRyULIM0EfCA-nucbMV2BNoPmuiGDnG1YPxlibLYYKd6c-sUs~SAb4ZejVUtu0RmZdrLn5~QbutTJQk20NQaT5RZmmW-dsKJ0D7hgr8vRKf3U~qHSJHxUMhV5uwZe6AHrNauXe~MpMj5cqUAw6val1wH2~4tPLi3Ge2gAXJP9QCmrBWhhR~zSaYpvsdCtPpCJlBo7VHqGCv0H5W06rNRt6xL8kvDG-ISqQylK23Xypq7CJ-0BMil1w~~SBQAEAAEAAA==
# xn--n3h.i2p: 6a5bfeil667ksrdgg5hx5x2dse2v6ovnsng3r2k5gp5tb4z67egq.b32.i2p
xn--n3h.i2p=-MnA08jbWiva10yYmEpLr1mq12uf48apWualUlOAGpenZIF9qEuvAhvttLwyGFTt1Z5javzZYYgfWtT-L1AmmldTAKm3Dy4Kt0fJVay30DP5vZPpT-rAconMw7UhzrNYD-IcuAQ3E3TvIjV4uFPSnfnLfb4N6EHZDj5OnCQl1mQQeBIRJ6kuu0i6eRkxmW-karh7CNkPWT0fAqYkeSlZaqNV5ucNo1p-Crv-bfQG0qHtV4ZRMPeFtQ4rsWi8W01oVIVtfvm-nhu3ECQZpUXyvnNJpKzVtAJ0bYKM37-tyW0Lu6kn54RcWEL7sJnOK6MrBM1h1~ZKMZGlLJLA6V1NyXxtzqwQADHzgUrwprV0iN3~S7laTZ9RE~pzMoseZs7xOrEJ-qCfRe6LX0qPvZ7R0saEVsa00oEaFqPrUC2Dv6NRLbjKO~kmfN759da2VldQam5jV-lK3ZoyubEpyJQFbs8Sc~quki89rFSqXruBUbhgVeodj6jUa9K4Obw0lmWCAAAA
# xotc.i2p: gqgvzum3xdgtaahkjfw3layb33vjrucmw5btyhrppm463cz3c5oq.b32.i2p
xotc.i2p=VI9o6ot2Q-THHTiyD5lP6Zjx3ChWcf0au1tKQQBVGmEkbRFLMiJ61PtYnMLZTP4t-u8lWK0buaTQUp5yCWuz0ej1NRnXdBjdbtYzwmDFdgT4iizOfFVysUFf5eLIvOJjGwvEnkaJTM2x63izXDdgUpfPX2aMdBh70PQZePfYUlIJhrl0XnJtR~3YjG6RZbppRcMKMh1-avyXJliYlXtBNqczZZw~BDM7VLIAXWkE65NBJ5HZkjUrI-1z0RUGlz~YXCIXtwgRnd~atBS9HNAFhMcaPlUUkt1moJQg7paDUWiwOy8d6PZEbU6HJYmwe3lVyAxIHhFq1B5eG9ZD3e2kMce1WG~kSLmpbouYLiBUIK4fwQD2Pd7iWN5lXw6QNv183Q0VQSrY7YkoAIoxbEoIY3pa2fNz2AyTCIZJIOClbhEOCSpJqWXWFofJW~PxXozmswLl8RF3Oyl5geabt-zaVRwqv-fqLkPT0SdFSktJhrav6woovrm9DEh91aeSWLDzBQAEAAEAAA==
# xsden.i2p: 4dofwhzlkz3k3sedwzs2sx2fudq3jfvaygffc6kp6hsawmfmz6qa.b32.i2p
xsden.i2p=E5NLs6rD~X4e3toOKwilZdx9dSXc3bx6TOeReCHeU-5yj2mP4FCzptf0MEfG6IK1Rz29U32eM~tquvBWmmpoujR9s7F8Y9G1kJ9vZTx4~W6ExRw8MXCRmq5oeljTpva06TpeMeFicAPVyAT2uSKnonADJAKzleQzwidOzO~ri6-OuP8XSwVocYqoDu0xXUwhrHgrPLUMNknyzgp8ugM0d1j9DYZuTdHfmS61rJM6wnxzpBZETw9eedS95b0CpLNbj0jiVpt5VI0x7WwL1hgLYAbZ8kIasKqlEGkzhdqyhjcSUCBwKyBYx4k~RRcI7aHT0NIsQqi4SOtlfSyVGDx-2OIyUX~i9-z4xK4E7kE5EuSvPXF5abyiJcNrZhLriOYyiVQT1QMoUcakPFm9nKo-QFcOLF5ev9i7f4ObTnTMHC9U-8l6g6Qd1HfdpTnom0T7F-M4e~iN6ZUYv4m1fjEfiw5o8eXp-H5lNbaP2Q0w2UwQaZPaQURIZvHEELHmU1rfBQAEAAcAAA==
# xx.i2p: a7hrmb4kbftyk4ovr2la6azi7vjfqwt2zlckos4svoaclqu52j6a.b32.i2p
xx.i2p=XnkWLQ72UxLjRGwzUaMP40qsLZ06csdmMAoOjG1GiQkGBDJG8qD9LhhDpAYSmEHyUBiwcERzRAFYC8TT-2~t-jwKEhNqqPNW3Ofl7AwhPuoawE~ocMztcYxQaGgdq3BPbkpzCUnHa-bK8rIHjiXl9~t-y3cBFiow-0HGlX30csYCT3p4YXpMD~hkKckjE4Rys0t5FJbxn45MIehNJilvQnpMy2gUjIHa7goRYs~MDb4rkMgaUXeYAtq1Y4Iud6gbRctqWkFq-YtZ4Fw-6DmYgZAS98j84rXwQLFz1SPBTZ2celpgW23l4yfALv98~1tGtSixgAAYidTDNw0aJElFjkzziuKiwsyr90CDuvtZzGctSUbdQW8D7cCBvU6DGKtFFoVDRQQe4gdvo-iqQIrM9ENBiFO4TSlGtwa~a~FlHPW-e1dXUaXRDwmffxqB3eQxhB7Ifs1Ey4XyJbB4vEZR4OZ0qb-vQveZTgtcBZ3TbLqaKG4svQoIJ-WzvMgX6JBjBQAEAAcAAA==
# yacy.idk.i2p: 7ccyylqqxnyexz2acn3nqjdlwqmd5pororbovrarar2dkw3ddrbq.b32.i2p
yacy.idk.i2p=LZFSeThiSf3IlA0uxz9lSj499Xvn8jgtw~KdeoubPv~DiW6T9wFstRMF29FqucjbNAjQhZQkGItwJoc8QVMejGtO~OjSJr~dl4E204jLMxBFQa7ZtmDwGJcvV20avBBZB9GssrXdI-c8nHx6kZiVnqwRC-5qApcEI8zNfGTa76jb2De0Qz3dCcHVvyMu4xTPJnTDvZ6v0nKPxZd2EyxU4wIQ0MSPuwTHoerbWDXBZjMk7vYQT181kKhk823B6rkG-G6kTx5-QLDrEdnVUPFeZWErru5Ysv5VTcxi~JrAbbpyhkrvoOrC~f3wrFK8-SVK6MPORS0X5Q8kCRUpZVRSnhyv4AKs1fKlgE28cTC~Z61jl5mO0-QClzOCyjVKhcd~yxzGc422GjxbIvVCALjjVWRP~zYCGK0rb5dEcHCyPvfxXgnYSPpqX9ZFavazk7UUOrQ69n8mUHpE5N5XCAPgilB70OaygcHBqLdZFzcEigDZukceYpvKP3JxYkT158O3BQAEAAcAAA==
# yat.i2p: zxg4p6obolmrnkygoodqbdnikzychk5sild3o753hmaljuosl2fq.b32.i2p
yat.i2p=2KJUanYt2C1LdlY3RaAR41o4XGeTunQVw-r2b-tBoixEAO8ubEGQ0oifxZL56lv0aLJbMoECY2Df0Y2TYRfySW24dFmuawz7zFqDUC6AZATqcm9ejsbIFAsvEIYca5SV2qX0XPSxvE26aAqpT6s5jGOLEB9W-2QiINw9LUQNF3Tpkjm58VX7Zx7Ubjzb2-vu4~BmIynztQcknUtGc5UowCZe1b~r893Ds-bLuCa9EMOX552XQ7lBlEeCKnSHBEXhYIHv5mAPgoCLpkQDD76oKcTgyZMFtKN~lFGYcvcHZxh9Zpp6i5QIlZngOWWD2QBtEwwc6y8wKk8SaKuoFXU78XUHMjihONtKfkKtrhcmjvaFJW5lkzrAP5If60aS3uVsRjKRJeqbc4wrVqLKGRohGLarfcKoWUbUNH3MDNEzng1d9X~lFFpWt7smB38zYFUuux-qA48FaD20RNSAybA-92nWRapv-oHFtjnkVNfD7P-vGnw6F9QNXP71sQM~NlauBQAEAAcAAA==
# yggdrasil.acetone.i2p: tlfhgwzn4v5nlm2or5uy4leqmjbl5bncgcopbqnmcr4hbk3zrvqq.b32.i2p
yggdrasil.acetone.i2p=ZGP-mHtQq~tUJzvFDyUWQfCMVTJ0k2fUzQQ6yI3jDu5wAuh~ddCU9b9mXBSzjPMhthYZ~o75ZKXXRO04S8uz8qIPPV7IfXY23dN5J3T1od75nH9VOo0MFd6t~Wiomw5fbg0OyI1oKptmcNgYUe30bpEx2dkIfxcGbf-1AGYIPLpU~kRGtcGmaxwxbT5gcuq1n4cWNvPweFZ0BYhELkVJGMLTVlWflBJb3IaV1RigufYKZU5t-XP0b7j3PsvS3PF2lYtBO9CfCbt3x4lE8VwEueJ6SIyrVqqUzJ85vnPc3uRYjyd4N1VvUb0JkWpdxOUVdsrn-NPsOHs7GQ~FfFmlNWF9AyRpn0lOifm8qnElNubedU-maBCPwqVA7NaP7cVkrhAaMgyWOZ3fuyl5~MvoN504ljm-mOjwFZTy3qFfLrD8nWKZQEpdLG6mvKhNg4RCH6cYUwimkoKq6jjBgG2HC1xJTKyvnzICTYpa6R2kaxMfPWzp8jmH9VzUpUAjt4KOAAAA
# yggdrasil.i2p: 7hhvvtephitji3ibz4vhbapj4rikoppd5324yttp6k35gkqgri3q.b32.i2p
yggdrasil.i2p=WCKa-WVGLU3AL8Bt5lsyWLg2mdsikCQcChlXzTpC40NTonb4EvLS21JDEyoloKRpSEpwAHHJ8lwt~8g1iVYESX-5-xLS8-mGnp1Ujomma23f3uG0D4IRmE4bhePTYD6qpknHvKzcKARu4F6y3NFNQ7-mM8ZUxE4tE27iAuVWezir2n90hXJHYnC9PZvClzUNQ-XUgGwDy6YJtvQ5zIZutWH-1m5gF75Y0aagFlf-0j9PYVgMFBJUr-DyrOXyYWBusL4oWcL0I7iFd7oUcerencOibfWj24r9q-PT-~K4VVEaGk~sw5Z7mKMwWGe9Df32KDwtKk8r1tP7ZQkBCkowSrc8j2w~3xUl5zOjy4oPqYKMDmoEUF2DnoEUpHQYBJwcfCfMgJFwsLqaSGk~1vE5HpdL2EJKsaLqDHUrVHRI83254wpThghAzwulkZf7zVryDM-D~oTEq2VECRig2XNt2R0SbGLy2fwQg~BjoDHpW2BGoP1hM2K4p4uHokeX~LYbBQAEAAcAAA==
# yggnet.i2p: deyg5puthy6tc44j56ee2zxv3wu36vlmgxjyz2zoc63w66l5ksua.b32.i2p
yggnet.i2p=Mb4-H07uh4EpvCILBTp~S-NNnGxKohdOPiqriO~YKjP8LFKSQZjeJt3UTEzUYmJ05pn3sdGdPtCvADhvBtd9Ba8I-FGGKYMN~wC6x86CJsD6GYHbhf9ANACDD4rktBKHK6HtgL3B8AWRiJ04jj4eD6ToB7KEABQQI1Fwlh4EtTBfSKX9Ag~nTOKKddhc3JbRpWl7MTQwFhdNPKFXhEXEp6q91ipi-nbb06arHo4Cq8YFyTbO55x-c7tvzt~SxApsU9w1vKuyrPz1KB3ZIHa5-sCgOhSzTRrxj2vLj-eJLfj4todpiARKFtMmVMqI7ypUCb-gptDBBhQ3MenpR-L7JnWbhpjtCKSkgMBpKOkf-eCsYH-n-l4g1ihTvcPCsIat8ow8jQJSj78F0xRDqvd3f99EEyV8oNuHOWZ~YyRg7fkhocwCVNaYZdEKcbM9m4fjj2k4dqURGO-DlM7p5Ugq4FGJK6NSmNLz5iRGCLVktSJJX6phaA966DX7imv~7EaWBQAEAAcAAA==
# yggwd.i2p: 3vhdpimqrqqslrow676yeigwr5rrbmzmaqdzjhibpfa67svhtfya.b32.i2p
yggwd.i2p=ckwTc8CpTRgqZnqhTkj4-FzJAAEWtOynN0eaNs2fWDTATUatv06JEICmlWmareEPuuTPldaKNzWh95pbN7NV1O0tDmMC7IjVAHZIZb2ozKxZ44M7ceTWN65m0pwaJt6OtaG6trbjiCmSNIZ61WP~YiT~giFDHYd-wGUc2JtOet0epXHAMmgbfIwNhciwxUnsL-b3n0FlkmqlsGbYoGjZoN0DlBGXlRX7xpLqTCRAGr5uq4NxTIBUqnbUdAeU-jjC16ygEHVKuteDLhL44KRv4piERGLZ9PRsiVGy3YSFRm2K4mcGlDpkC3t2rhHEb3frr-FU3foxChCe7mqorQSVsfpEgf5qMTDCOXB6~Tnz5C97Sa2wK6JklCC0oKhJE91v8SsDex2F6176GdOg2YcL98rUbx5WLZSv-ylbQaXPNP3CgvP37PrGikfEm2MuOc~bqKWtVAwexcyZjdUAARvQFeOtYFYaiZyYe9I9NvVOvrVoCs2hJrO4Ekxh0x3Wu6cFBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=cpI~3gd4zvccHjE8K9A41zvnS6Jg4rrmtf5U56yF2xYK2rqYxNSn~ds4Vl-we8r6FjWPUfJO1zSBbsTK7nfADQ==#date=1631174965
# yiffme.i2p: sm6dk2ovxhgdjuu3rmqussc4e2xkfz6rmhng6i2t7parcb4v4y3a.b32.i2p
yiffme.i2p=kLZB3-5QQ9O85FVAk1DPJMiDmlDstoZtAWorB8JWDt2ngb3L7LBH2DAqKEyWGFmj~vesa1vd9r0KNY9F0E3jTvSjKAsDuKxO1z4YdvdTgHXuYvOdgl1r1sC-7O5k7ydyUKs33tYxZOitxn2TXsjaPvcpFGN9ky903atsgpNEvq~qWfB6-PCY-zRm3ML7a7l~8TGunocA8aug7dcM~y-n7YlqE~ob8SuEeQeF4zYkWpqPUBAwKr1DD5qj4oqshWrphZOFV9zPSkMcsi-KSUTCk5uMi9~YMb86ZkZfQeOv8IRbkn~QXHoKIhmJJGdEQEhnbN7YvIbOhI~ac2UIk5yCiZ76sdzvxV4-hYxO4FRWGZCGekJ7CxGOUHOzmnJ5-DcuWYifR2L1gUBmMkYmjpSL07wXdHDLYI4LsHCZdOs8BJForHGugeBlT82zGGh4KyH~Y4GBG4RxeWtZfzH2sESXHXwxvfcKjrAp3svDkYiu-WH9FAHoUq5wGwYZdSeNglOHBQAEAAcAAA==#!sig=DtPfeBNT0H5jSYJ36QgumurT0EiJb-KXrxEMls~RRrMNkqpwUsV5gPxA7GMRZoebCjEgFLuH98f2iKJIc8VgBw==
# yoitsu.i2p: yaaqmj55lsi5c5nukf4hsrift2zslnqkbcghwvjlaqayidtyctwa.b32.i2p
yoitsu.i2p=Y6sZCzBPhQvNb5SEd2rzxgsccFo-n7GziZVwYeAXxIWHn5z8jYpFzCzp6KMbfv3e9iORGIMzXdhXS-pgeuDhFXBUQ0pRI~7YEh7TYzfCbjhzW02G3dE4wYS6~909wqL9McZs2SqgIbZQWTRBQ526OZZWgufbRrWGWtaMzT1BFnb3s7c4k4660DU4zby~fuEuasbg2UKyq7bcrSqWCceiNr8WhKgAGenkoDVBEz7k8hdRF8US5rDJbWZSuPyqmsiXlgVzA10hLFUQGFH1gKt0n2wMjALhiFMLDprW0r8RgM5LsQNmZHcSFVbe-30Ww1mmGqbJuqxlmUNoMFdmEg1YdG13XVcR0DQG5cnAWmgoMmlaECRwHlJCs5wltx50Cnk-1bX1PRQrCZjP8nJEel5xHRSFnDasZW6sPm7cjf~kyyqlHZPk40H14Pf8chMqt5fdXcMoGVepmf4cRZkCc7ZTViHxk33TeeIRifyC5M1IR72JWPHi10j8ANpM2Xiadw6nBQAEAAcAAA==
# yourdomain.i2p: witqoik7gjzywta5nss5m6dvialeciismabksrukcvpfdpe6aqha.b32.i2p
yourdomain.i2p=NFwvIMAZtwEtH-~kWEubEz5SEBpATQ0j~zyX5HHIuOqymk8~MW5gjerK5WP7prcmT89WFH~~~aZy8AnFH-DZTsQXxCu0ocW8nfhxybmghjzplO7RP4B3gw9ybWUn-T~MzWEdXyj0XqzXEh--ZuqZWzZTaNoP10cZcw7Ezm04Cp0DHicjitqMYi-TdLsEV5mRiVT6FSrdcP-mYPQaLbt1c9Ihvb6PPxBF1HdknXqVW-~b6RKqV6eBuFkIi5tTLN~cZ~ZXkY2rQ0BL2XIxoUvlGDdc9G0gwBE9UG25m88arFYYx61WkHgccnAodvjNN2cZW5PemrNe~tPEuEX1A3ar-P5lMOFY7~fmA8U86xlAnrgedzlVrVOae~AGDW32l8cqMMoKdi4YiCwnb7a34zra8eOtJtn76w7UTRU~UTCh4DgyzBvvJm-90g0ZpIoJU-yvvv75sEYEjYxHrQ1FpFTHIgJ1Bsm4CfP0plkUz85JZ44ZoW-46nIKtwDxIhHjyLabBQAEAAcAAA==
# yt2mp3.i2p: 7ai77u54gxta2ry326amfq4ugiqgcxd4r663nmxtswcwezyxsbzq.b32.i2p
yt2mp3.i2p=EX4OqtVTKs6S1DaThJn1eH~5lg32eGnaZtyXO03wQnuyW3E-d-dR4HkM1Z3D4eX-5PjeidMArbgvC5PYRK6rkHOpKQLGoWuJULdpBNoNHFLNcGnwoIEgvUCNgetM45uB04SYFtRMLNNMoP7FcZ7vEYc70o4qRwGtqpxR~1sEcSTS-loWcUIBjnJCzM5EhAlyme3Kc6yiZ-SNwyUA42shJ87bSLatCT8eNHJShAYX~I0iyjj43Iip5ZQxZVhE4Qb6eR-PSV5bVHu9VsWK6O4tCyijNjZ-8uyghyh6LLDCUV7l8bK3oIqbqv2yzF4d0ZYGqrVNrW7EG1MBUd1eeE~Bj9HEBRoiZG0DbGuzmefCfICWgVat4wOYO3ZQN8d33OM5y8UUuWZ9pNaqOQz~P1~snYqlApsfeLEY-cL4tEpDj27Cfcg5XHFFR7NBfo4ulJyjPq5pjmRtA-8XBDEP~R9Iil1p6rpnWfa4MyCI1g0TigRFVmKcGYjMatrImbb~tP9vBQAEAAcAAA==
# z5.i2p: efqxijqv27ytlutp2bhbzl5gdpohufmdgirljzjhzy4i5h33gu4a.b32.i2p
z5.i2p=UbmTTNlYrm9HzXdsqdG0LRgVBPXux79n6mXS0XNnb1ak4tvF6htUW~w2UR7ILH2vMkRCV3SWtWjJTN0yxWHMZdhsQhvmcFeUqsRXeCWYwG2Zyl7Ogl45Q9ZG-FjTIwtRf1ZzIWE2P10icKX0~VIu7uMZAoC2AyOMRTbnYNi4QLtIIXl93c2LkwhgljpSV~5GAczodrG54c1SArscIdtx-WZhJ4OOfPAQuef~ALtsOZaonbdTdbHjPFWLwN6jCmQFDDNYrXm511SpjZDqNnLfAURvjA2NSZ53-6o-5QijLNpULWmoR2MNwawPBHe~nJayRW2JX3wqaqZdYdOhcabKinYyyoFa327-efszFksAtpIFlsSPWkujmxNh85hBxpZWBAZLCVyecb4JVUd0avFvS~MawN1bSuGn6xRSd33LNbIQo~7VvIG50y5-JJpUnFRpOp7HbH529H73qFJDlz7z-DleyH~mWt~uixNkkCIzYCYFFQBHR43JDXzcdmxjEFeCBQAEAAcAAA==
# zab.i2p: n4xen5sohufgjhv327ex4qra77f4tpqohlcyoa3atoboknzqazeq.b32.i2p
zab.i2p=JYOaxhmWGgLFtAxNNE-9kzlbRyM1emGZ0WLl0Xywdg~-c8QRRf0Rabeso50tZ-8kXs5Ppefrc8IeaH~HkbggypwSEFyicIMBy7Ya9HuOtyEHP2lPLkXpEMv2P08v5vHlaRM9K6vBVDB7XuVMMc5RhJp95vncjdjc1AO27Q6HSvApkheBBFQ0r6fH1Md6SmrXfunWPCJZH4eCuyGs1k~ErQcf4GshRnrLBwKUZGbbXTW08GDDouoNVNRspUhd4n3HNesgCnw8pSAl7kgbNQb7dRlDzv0SPrVURyyJV28e4qqfRmJeoG0s4iL05z3OdTtueJQ-zk4D5~Z0-fWPB0LFiSAxJLyCs-wkklEvX-XPJwkX75fEsszVeZmLqjEkLu~fyCqSsqeUR7sON1Chnp8PWqXvEyj5exCRDZrU5Ryq6CHJfBpKT9sodv~LwQet5TXBE96D~BGn~9V-V6J-91YVspptHe-xMjKVtD1koaMc5h4LZbsDZiaU3csiULVuWRJtAAAA
# zerobin.i2p: 3564erslxzaoucqasxsjerk4jz2xril7j2cbzd4p7flpb4ut67hq.b32.i2p
zerobin.i2p=Jf64hlpW8ILKZGDe61ljHU5wzmUYwN2klOyhM2iR-8VkUEVgDZRuaToRlXIFW4k5J1ccTzGzMxR518BkCAE3jCFIyrbF0MjQDuXO5cwmqfBFWrIv72xgKDizu3HytE4vOF2M730rv8epSNPAJg6OpyXkf5UQW96kgL8SWcxWdTbKU-O8IpE3O01Oc6j0fp1E4wVOci7qIL8UEloNN~mulgka69MkR0uEtXWOXd6wvBjLNrZgdZi7XtT4QlDjx13jr7RGpZBJAUkk~8gLqgJwoUYhbfM7x564PIn3IlMXHK5AKRVxAbCQ5GkS8KdkvNL7FsQ~EiElGzZId4wenraHMHL0destUDmuwGdHKA7YdtovXD~OnaBvIbl36iuIduZnGKPEBD31hVLdJuVId9RND7lQy5BZJHQss5HSxMWTszAnWJDwmxqzMHHCiL6BMpZnkz8znwPDSkUwEs3P6-ba7mDKKt8EPCG0nM6l~BvPl2OKQIBhXIxJLOOavGyqmmYmAAAA
# zeronet.i2p: fe6pk5sibhkr64veqxkfochdfptehyxrrbs3edwjs5ckjbjn4bna.b32.i2p
zeronet.i2p=75002LwLP5cMwjkKt1DmlXF9fXflqKnCxhS01VU~CUcHbNPpwQmuLTAKVnm7HS2tGlRjn6SVQv-uQT4A2P2YAWzBcMHtH2AP9M2D6l-j32kgJ7Ai2jL2TV34o0XVCzUsxGt-6e8Rhub0z96S-25Jwci-A1ci~JAJoXpALoMXV0JYY7od0KVWDVczCrsA3eaCOjLAj8Fz~uMRD~FDA04s8PrSnjWdwsRmGqXGXlYVVcFLWIeOedzq2MVKIsSllo3atl7CON47pWjPde~iQGGjpy3KjpjzLWdPdTWj7k807J5zPa8ErF-zHRM-k8lfcxAlWrigfnfWYDVuIiyS-DKvL5TTkDs4qdKN8d8DvkgYG1q62Zr5~w-Du0g0ZmQwVF1~IyjsL5rk-gLS23fv7zvsEevVruZUW5VVQ2g3~2bJX9yFPHRpFYfokaW9NJW3PgaX5W1Hj1KycVM-Me2RLQ1mxnnLKD1jSc0J9FABjXrPYxhkdOjExMo~vhC3dxJs3MEMBQAEAAcAAA==
# zetareticuli.i2p: odleh3zcsmyhck4rgrxmjsfo4o33cthxyy3kkgz5vdrqlzdspxma.b32.i2p
zetareticuli.i2p=Rg0-FoJ-bdCVKq5~FCW8EYPU-n6x98lAa1WRq9I7XLcThmeHkOyHQLl7QbwV8O14k64tvTiwMcuY2rVOukRhVD0sTipG-w1udfR-srfMjlCor7I3k9bqsPjnJVTRWwDtBlgz5qst84SsydxtlCzyAMo7NUyV20b8OhO~dKsT0VtTKqWfi8Fub5CtplTHbRIR3XH70OkpNmBxX1SB3~Pgg36fP-vJaxL9xr4o1MOOTVd81WuDnOW1zwLUy~t4sDN-ZnDeEmQGNzwhEmEe8q8IQO1QWxYFnao~hzZgDWTSrrEOkZf562vyQq52izFpO26ovJfqeDc4g~~c0nqALa0EizLLhLcP-aALSsbRbjJj1WbQWNxLlnViwOziTDuzNDWSSk1RAY7cFEsvzf9vc-iVhxqiF7uTSKH8ooZxq8SCEnGJUHVaQTYRU4RaDJhVPowdmkRsbwRnEmgFQicCr3eAyNo90b1qMlLCWWJjPEPelHD5ZX-tGYTBojkIZAxBg2JsBQAEAAcAAA==
# zhaoku.i2p: 2hq32svuc6wxgumgsyavy4osfssiaqjpdgynpvtyblin5l5urr4q.b32.i2p
zhaoku.i2p=J-a5ABltYIABfL6KPP09gYLszTJWAm8L6jvLfNoBsgUa3pzeStcGCMU45vnn-W9Lnb-9M5Kq35UKA2sbyh7Hr5sHVOAZgTTDFu8~OSMfMThXp2hj8IqysRIZNnLWN0R-LTJ1MaevVwsaJ3SEIrTA1FPVIEnfFdruT~Cq3L13G16i0Y4GD80r6Vp4aSnkxLF-9gjHub0fArFGoM3bRyXVteSVfrEAcbwP6UD5sJTVNDTLI6VjuUivTaHCD~SJ9AgpyySksuSWMVUcVeOvdqC-LUtxrQ-iR65s3C6SuBPqYp9QkH7YqEtQqBMgKPX-qaktGFJLeBJp9iNGd94m-aLCvvC7lnkB2sKq5Q1Gjv~4m64q~TQ4pWBvjux89kkTGKVh9v4abj58z~yXQDgy4KrG-WD8YGRBaNeVPuFC~UqnUKd3oLq9JpvpItU5pcMMcsb1aw9wzIphN0GxCHlbp-taibEX4AevI1FM2c2~IRP6Bs19C0bvjtQdwD27cHh8M8ZlBQAEAAcAAA==
# znc.str4d.i2p: ufkajv3stxpxlwgwwb2ae6oixdjircnbwog77qxpxv7nt67rpcxq.b32.i2p
znc.str4d.i2p=glqk2z5UwwCkbY-cz~xjDNtkybk4-Xabq8DIOtqbekQFgyPsi74auF5dVMu4rC4OofPZoo6r8BQRX4MUaMunCVNowvBVKh6WnRhRqtEDYCYt1IBuo7-MAwNGS6u6OUxByUiXKoq5yNNiVBGtbzWrHo-ETnl2sc3w0JHQ-u2svS9e96UauOYrodv~KaakAec1f71jwg3o7QUOiNsT2IVNGDFHfogUSmzGIDLFeIxi9jmFFl3S8CeyxqEz07uDPoBFJclQ2gu25ARFog~KtfyD7LNzsQIBCBd2axuUGHkKmBV591WuNUqZYf~GQEfsvxcUkNxGyFakdSXK4yY8k-V14m21feHxm5wRBbE2Z3X7F1tp~YuMd~txLw1EU2BhWptDBixiri922UVlPGHRuMBohnlhOj-deW0KOQHKD0tj~JurWapydIWVqC~7iTG0AN7XE-IlYP5xhQjEuSHL8DyRau8klxy3WXNu2Q35pXBsbBpco4~JUR3RlRRyI~oOc4arAAAA
# zog.i2p: 7su4pwd7xicqu44rd36g2a3zjlsv2k6otommnh7ztjpyixyozq2a.b32.i2p
zog.i2p=c4pjYBbY3aDG5iLznGNgKKr7VkbamyRvxfJkWl5ajjE2nwPnnpN5mZ28QGRlhuuQSOE3lBNhqO~kJzS36sZOsdgDQnHXUn1oPF4d3V9787h2upNi8NQ2SHYyOWzrh6VHxxjNhYOUGP~O3lxtmg9iJD8ySseD2MMfzEOwKDQlzNuhyjd-Q4AQc6ES-49m1m07D61LnPCnyG9k5oDeULXDPlIcxTtChsNG6VtDA1BTVkhct3uDI3TZwdRDoaRd7wIavlyvFsdjUA6NNbv4MJll4i6-RQ4vh-KagKS9IBEzf10ncVNVJVf1JesF0fMrOyW0kxiLigmoDaolfuC0IPRT4VY4sKjxuEpUlHeiVUj9htiPliIIqUw5j50t2Z-bUfJHgk6XM8hoNTeW9TCXn7~ZaDG49L3imydJXiMUv9wl4CWFXzMyPqAmJ3Q6dWzyCV9Pt-GJVg2NTSWYJruRM-D9Av6RWPpFC~n419Iy00Xbalbw1i~nZw9zQd8mvro8CnRlBQAEAAcAAA==
# zx.i2p: 4ru5b25ixgz2wt2aqskbr2iflv42gt6ta6qet7rv4et5rh2kq6fq.b32.i2p
zx.i2p=JmR3dk4Aw6-ZMsqsOtzzJpiaVOYGyfgGybkyb-RgkV20mVq9eAMZJ4LqHSM5edKjsN75u2FgxskPt7hXJY1i7hXeWSeughl7o8fu9WUD6kroSwyWJ3KepRCYwVCaCLvHbo8XS3YHz69W3iDbbb~gIhRpGmcOYxNzwzgy9uQd4AciM298aW02WTjXQpe7lbDlKwSC7eGDIA8gvGWzHJKZx6jpFTrg-sIWuiGxHiLdHgkAf9wFjdaP8NSZEZqvBTGZ66~9pTHvTraRWbVjQJiesT5S7TDBw5KckBB1IT0VESSR9fjGxwFj7SPWQ7ur3OIuOLED2NqBr3isO93CYmF1w6b2HU9CQvlcPxmLLd8WIh8TD~eQNQZvdpsEj8KN3NW7uAPKd7H0E-eFtfUgAzy~Uuykd1UU33z9Qx-hnJtuPuQOoHAACjsMV3szkqduUvDeNpzd5RPzyrBAWa8TOz6T4w~exNiETCwviyPzk9zJP1w5EreYLAyQTnPoxoM~oRXDBQAEAAcAAA==
# zz.i2p: lhbd7ojcaiofbfku7ixh47qj537g572zmhdc4oilvugzxdpdghua.b32.i2p
zz.i2p=GKapJ8koUcBj~jmQzHsTYxDg2tpfWj0xjQTzd8BhfC9c3OS5fwPBNajgF-eOD6eCjFTqTlorlh7Hnd8kXj1qblUGXT-tDoR9~YV8dmXl51cJn9MVTRrEqRWSJVXbUUz9t5Po6Xa247Vr0sJn27R4KoKP8QVj1GuH6dB3b6wTPbOamC3dkO18vkQkfZWUdRMDXk0d8AdjB0E0864nOT~J9Fpnd2pQE5uoFT6P0DqtQR2jsFvf9ME61aqLvKPPWpkgdn4z6Zkm-NJOcDz2Nv8Si7hli94E9SghMYRsdjU-knObKvxiagn84FIwcOpepxuG~kFXdD5NfsH0v6Uri3usE3XWD7Pw6P8qVYF39jUIq4OiNMwPnNYzy2N4mDMQdsdHO3LUVh~DEppOy9AAmEoHDjjJxt2BFBbGxfdpZCpENkwvmZeYUyNCCzASqTOOlNzdpne8cuesn3NDXIpNnqEE6Oe5Qm5YOJykrX~Vx~cFFT3QzDGkIjjxlFBsjUJyYkFjBQAEAAcAAA==
# zzz.i2p: lhbd7ojcaiofbfku7ixh47qj537g572zmhdc4oilvugzxdpdghua.b32.i2p
zzz.i2p=GKapJ8koUcBj~jmQzHsTYxDg2tpfWj0xjQTzd8BhfC9c3OS5fwPBNajgF-eOD6eCjFTqTlorlh7Hnd8kXj1qblUGXT-tDoR9~YV8dmXl51cJn9MVTRrEqRWSJVXbUUz9t5Po6Xa247Vr0sJn27R4KoKP8QVj1GuH6dB3b6wTPbOamC3dkO18vkQkfZWUdRMDXk0d8AdjB0E0864nOT~J9Fpnd2pQE5uoFT6P0DqtQR2jsFvf9ME61aqLvKPPWpkgdn4z6Zkm-NJOcDz2Nv8Si7hli94E9SghMYRsdjU-knObKvxiagn84FIwcOpepxuG~kFXdD5NfsH0v6Uri3usE3XWD7Pw6P8qVYF39jUIq4OiNMwPnNYzy2N4mDMQdsdHO3LUVh~DEppOy9AAmEoHDjjJxt2BFBbGxfdpZCpENkwvmZeYUyNCCzASqTOOlNzdpne8cuesn3NDXIpNnqEE6Oe5Qm5YOJykrX~Vx~cFFT3QzDGkIjjxlFBsjUJyYkFjBQAEAAcAAA==
# 735 entries
